A new XRT model adds off-road flavor as part of a mild, but still impactful, mid-cycle refresh. Since its debut for the 2022 model year, the Hyundai Ioniq 5 has become a Car and Driver darling. In that time, its racked up EV of the Year, 10Best, and Editors Choice wins, all bolstered by handsomely edgy styling, satisfying performance, fast-charging capability, a practical and spacious cabin, and competitive range estimates. Now, four years in, Hyundai has updated the Ioniq 5 for the 2025 model year, keeping one of our favorite EVs at the top of its game. This mid-cycle refresh brings mild styling tweaks front and rear, new wheel designs, a revised center console, upgraded infotainment with wireless support for Apple CarPlay and Android Auto, and an updated steering wheel with handy lights that indicate the batterys state of charge. Mercifully, Hyundai has also added a rear windshield wiper to the Ioniq 5 this year, something we wish our long-term 2023 model had. Two different battery packs are still offered, but both are now slightly larger. The Standard Range pack grows from 58.0 to 63.0 kilowatt-hours, and the Long Range version is now an 84.0-kWh battery versus last years 77.4-kWh capacity. Range is up across the lineup as well, with the biggest boost coming for the dual-motor all-wheel-drive SE and SEL models, which are now estimated to deliver 290 miles per charge, a 30-mile increase over 2024 equivalents. The model with the most range is still the rear-wheel-drive single-motor variant with the Long Range battery, estimated to deliver as much as 318 miles per charge. Juicing the battery now requires an NACS connection. Popularized by Tesla, the new charging standard is being adopted industry-wide, and the Ioniq 5 is the first electric Hyundai to offer the port as standard. To ease the transition to NACS, all 2025 Ioniq 5s will come with a CCS adapter, which is still needed to charge at most non-Tesla charging stations. Thats the plug you find at your average DC fast-charger. We drove a loaded Limited model across a variety of Southern California microclimates, starting in the sunny desert town of Palm Springs, stopping for a coffee in Idyllwild, and eventually landing at a mile-high mountain village in the San Bernardino National Forest. The cliffside roads leading up to Idyllwild are twisty, but the Ioniq 5s stable handling and torquey electric motors made quick, fun work of the ascent. The Ioniq 5s suspension has been reworked and is slightly firmer than before, but steering feel remains duller than we prefer. But mild year-over-year tweaks werent the only reasons we trekked to California. In fact, theres a whole new trim ready to put this electric SUV into an equally new environment the dirt. After coffee, we headed back down the mountain to an off-road playground on the San Andreas Fault. There, we sampled the rugged-looking XRT trim. New for 2025, the Ioniq 5 XRT features a 0.9-inch suspension lift, all-terrain tires on steelie-inspired 18-inch wheels, and trim-specific front and rear fascias wearing a subtle pixelated camouflage pattern. The all-wheel-drive-only XRTs approach and departure angles have been improved compared to other Ioniq 5 models 19.8 degrees for approach and 30.0 degrees for departure versus 17.5 and 25.4 degrees, respectively, for other models. Functional, red-painted recovery hooks add an extra element of ruggedness to the XRTs front end, and three terrain-specific driving modesSnow, Mud, and Sandcan be selected via a button on the steering wheels lower spoke. The sandy trails at the off-road park were dotted with bowling-ball-sized rocks, sagebrush scrub, and shallow gullies, all of which the Ioniq 5 XRT handled just fine. We had fun whipping it around in Sport mode, kicking up enough dirt that we could finally test out that new rear wiper. Its everything weve hoped for. Of course, higher heels and beefier bumpers alone dont make a proper rock-crawling expert. For those adventures, youll have to consider a Rivian R1S or perhaps a Jeep Wrangler 4xe plug-in hybrid. The Hyundai doesnt have an adjustable air suspension or a locking differential systembut then again, the XRT doesnt cost 80,000 either. Instead, its 56,875 asking price makes it a direct competitor to the Ford Mustang Mach-E Rally or perhaps an EV alternative to something like a Subaru Outback. On the road, the XRTs extra suspension travel, new suspension tune, and taller tire sidewalls offered a more compliant ride than the Limited we drove earlier in the day, but otherwise the car delivered the same satisfying experience on pavement as the rest of the Ioniq 5 lineup. We also noticed that the dirt-friendly trim didnt feel quite as quick as its siblings, but the difference was marginal, and were excited to get the full breakdown on performance deltas when we get the new models in for testing. Driving range is estimated at only 259 miles per charge for the XRT, though, down from 269 in the Limited AWD. What were seeing here is Hyundai covering all of its bases. From the price-leader SE to the posh Limited, and from the rugged XRT to the rowdy Ioniq 5 N, this particular lineup of electric crossovers works so well because its foundation is strong. The updates endowed on the 2025 model are minor, but theyre still impactful, and they should keep this EV plenty relevant going forward. Specifications 2025 Hyundai Ioniq 5 Vehicle Type rear- or front- and rear-motor, rear- or all-wheel-drive, 5-passenger, 4-door wagon PRICE Base SE Standard Range, 43,975 SE RWD, 48,025 SEL RWD, 50,975 SE AWD, 51,525 SEL AWD 54,475 Limited RWD, 55,675 XRT AWD, 56,875 Limited AWD, 59,575 POWERTRAIN RWD Motor permanent-magnet synchronous AC, 168 or 225 hp, 258 lb-ft Battery Pack liquid-cooled lithium-ion, 63.0 or 84.0 kWh Onboard Charger 10.9 kW Peak DC Fast-Charge Rate 350 kW Transmission direct-drive POWERTRAIN AWD Front Motor permanent-magnet synchronous AC, 99 hp Rear Motor permanent-magnet synchronous AC, 221 hp Combined Power 320 hp Combined Torque 446 lb-ft Battery Pack liquid-cooled lithium-ion, 84.0 kWh Onboard Charger 10.9 kW Peak DC Fast-Charge Rate 350 kW Transmissions, FR direct-drive DIMENSIONS Wheelbase 118.1 in Length 183.3 in Width 74.4 in Height 63.064.0 in Passenger Volume, FR 54554951 ft3 Cargo Volume, Behind FR 5926 ft3 Front Trunk Volume 1 ft3 Curb Weight CD est 41504850 lb PERFORMANCE CD EST 60 mph 4.36.5 sec 100 mph 12.014.8 sec 14-Mile 13.015.8 sec Top Speed 117 mph EPA FUEL ECONOMY CombinedCityHighway 9411510313185100 MPGe Range 245318 mi Drew Dorian is a lifelong car enthusiast who has also held a wide variety of consumer-focused positions throughout his career, ranging from financial counselor to auto salesperson. He has dreamed of becoming a Car and Driver editor since he was 11 years olda dream that was realized when he joined the staff in April 2016. Hes a born-and-raised Michigander and learned to drive on a 1988 Pontiac Grand Am. His automotive interests run the gamut from convertibles and camper vans to sports cars and luxury SUVs. 2025 Outlander Is Plusher Than Youd Expect 2024 Mercedes-AMG GLC43 Coupe Good Dog! 2025 Porsche Taycan 4 Speaks Volumes 2025 Subaru Outback Driven Circle the Wagons 2025 911 GT3 and GT3 Touring Wail to 9000 RPM Driven 2025 Toyota 4Runner Enters a New Era 2024 Jeep Wagoneer S Feels Like a First EV Driven 2025 Defender Octa Wants to Do It All 2024 Pagani Utopia Driven Art in the Machine GTI 380 Bids Farewell to the Manual, and Were Sad 2025 Nissan Murano Is Back in the Game Audi Q6 e-tron Quattro Eases the EV Transition A Part of Hearst Digital Media We may earn a commission for purchases made through our links. 2025 Hearst Autos, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

From the archive We compare the AMC Gremlin, Chevrolet Vega, Ford Pinto, Simca 1204, Toyota Corolla, and Volkswagen Super Beetle to anoint the 1971 compact-car champ. From the January 1971 issue of Car and Driver. Small cars are smallyou have to give them thatand have lightweight price tags. Other than that they share little. Some are masterfully balanced engineering compromises, some are brilliantly innovative transportation devicesand some are nothing more than ill-conceived, badly executed plugs for holes in a manufacturers leaky model line-up. We have come to know about these things. The CD staff has been deeply involved with small cars for more than a year, driving and evaluating every model available in this country, and some which are not, and weve climaxed this investigation with a CD comparison test of six automobiles which are significant and representative of the current range. The subjects of this test were chosen from the ranks of basic transportation carsthe lowest-priced class of automobiles that can still be considered real cars. This excludes such mini-cars as the Honda 600 and the Subaru 360. Also we wanted to sort out the controversy that has arisen since Detroit entered the small car business with the Vega, Pinto, and Gremlin. With those two ground rules in mind, the test resolved itself into a situation where the three small Detroit cars faced off against three imports. As for the imports, Volkswagen, which sells 350,000 copies of the Beetle annually in the U.S., is an obvious choice and since VW has seen fit to introduce a new, larger-trunk, Super Beetle to compete with the Detroit small cars, that model was a required participant in the test. Toyota, the second-largest-selling import in the U.S., offers a wide range of models. The Corolla was finally chosen because it is a complete car at a remarkably low cost and because the next higher Corona series is priced above the Vega which, itself, is nicking the upper edge of economy class. To fill up the final spot we brought in the secret car, the Simca 1204. Volkswagen probably spills more Beetles off the boat than Simca sells in this country but we remember from that last road test of the 1204 CD, June 1969 that it offers a high degree of comfort and room for the price. In addition, the Simca, with its vanlike body, transverse engine, and front-wheel drive, stands as a sharp contrast to the conventional car layout to which Detroit has adhered. In comparing the test cars, we used all of our normal test procedures for measuring acceleration, braking, handling, and fuel economybut we didnt stop there. Because we wanted an accurate picture of each cars comfort and suitability to American road conditions, we formed a six-man jury to evaluate subjective qualities like interior noise, directional stability, and seating comfort. Each man drove each car over a predetermined circuit of public roads, which included interstate highways, road construction areas, city traffic, and rough rural blacktops, for a total of 185 evaluation miles in each car. At the end of the test, the observations of the jury were distilled off to form the basis for this text and the Comfort and Convenience Rating. And since each car was driven by the same drivers over the same roads, the fuel-economy data shown elsewhere in the test is directly comparable and reasonably typical of what you can expect in normal driving. Now that you understand our motives and procedures, here is how we ranked the cars. Unlike the others, a car for all occasions. The Vega was the most expensive car in the testby almost 300. In fact, even a naked Vega without a single piece of optional equipment goes for a higher dollar than the as-tested price of the other comparison cars. But the Vegas virtues are nicely in proportion to its price, and it was the unanimous favorite. The Vega pulled down the number one position because of its particular suitability to American driving conditions. It was one of two cars in the test the other being the Gremlin capable of relatively strain-free cruising at 70 mph or above. This is vitally important in a country laced with freeways and interstate highways and, traditionally, it has been the lack of high-speed cruising ability that has confined the imports to a second-car position in the minds of many Americans. The key to the Vegas high-speed capability is its incredibly long 2.53.1 axle ratio which allows the engine to loaf along at only 3000 rpm at 80 mph. This is an essential part of the cars cruising ability since the Vegas overhead camshaft four is disturbingly loud when revved. But the axle ratio deserves credit for more than just quiet cruising. In the fuel-economy test, the Vega ranked a strong third with 27.1 mpg. According to Chevrolet engineers, about 2 mpg of that will disappear if you select the optional 2.92 ratio. Still, there is a strong temptation to do so. The standard Vega, with its wide-ratio three-speed transmission and long axle feels more like a six-speed with first, third, and fifth gears missing. It always seems like you are starting in second, and the gaps between gears are not valleys but canyons that would be impossible to bridge except for the engines bountiful torque. Despite the economy-oriented axle ratio, the Vegas acceleration is strong. Using first and second gears, the standing-quarter mile required 18.6 secondswith a speed of 72.3 mph. Aside from the Gremlin, the Vega was the only other car in the test to get under the 19- second mark or to exceed 70 mph at the dragstrip. The Vegas ability to produce impressive test numbers was also apparent during the evaluation of the brakes. Its consistent 195-foot stops from 70 mph 0.84 g were the high marks of the test. Even so, stopping the Vega is not the reassuring operation that the numbers suggest. As the rear wheels approach lock-up, the rear axle begins a violent dance which feels like a Force 10 quake on the Richter Scale. While the axle hop must be blamed on the rear suspension rather than on the braking system, it was the suspensions only serious weak point. Ride quality is good for a car of this price class Small bumps are absorbed with ease, although the shocks seem severe on patchy blacktop roads. Handling is very good with mild understeer and tolerant breakaway characteristics. The biggest surprise is the steering, which is light and accurate and feels far quicker than its 4.5 turns lock-to-lock would suggest. In general, the Vega is quick and nimble without the sports car harshness most American sedan buyers find objectionable. The Vegas interior, a stylists idea of the American Dream, drew heavy criticism. Its deeply contoured plastic door panels and dash are inordinately complex but short on function. The treatment is too heavy for a car of the Vegas size. The instrument panel is almost devoid of instruments only a horizontal speedometer, a fuel gauge, and a clock are offered and the latter two are blocked from sight by the steering wheelas is the ashtray. There is no glove box as such only a small open bin in the center of the dash and a narrow pocket in the door have been provided for interior storage. Even though the Vega was the most expensive car in the test, its floors were covered with a rubber mat rather than carpet, a standard item on all of the imports. The controls, too, were unlike the imports Every lever, pedal, and crank-shifter, clutch, window winders, etc.required exceptionally long travel to do its job. The engineers were obviously obsessed with minimizing driver effort where possible. In their concern for the driver, the engineers did manage to do a good job in positioning him. You sit low in the Vega with your arms and legs stretched out, more like sitting in a Camaro than a compact sedan. And the seats, while not sensationally comfortable at first sitting, proved to be remarkably livable for long periods. Considering the Vegas overall size almost seven inches longer than the Pinto the interior room is disappointing. The front seat passenger should have no complaints, and the trunk is generous, but knee room in the rear is in tight supply. Despite its shortcomings, the Vega merits the highest rating in this test because it is the only one of the six cars that the jury would choose for a coast-to-coast trip. It provides an excellent combination of performance and economy, it cruises easily at high speeds and it is relatively comfortable for hours at a stretch. It is unique in this test as it is a car for all occasions. Plush and efficient as only the French can manage. The Simca differs from all of the other cars in the test in two important ways It was designed to be comfortable and efficient transportation rather than simply a car, and it is French. Except for styling, which shouldnt be too important in this class, and high-speed cruising ability, it is superior to the Vega in almost every way. The French demand comfort in their cars no matter how little the price, and comfort is perhaps the Simcas most outstanding virtue. The car is tall, so it is easy to get into and out of, and the gentle grip of the seats would be a selling point in a car of twice the price. But the root of the Simcas comfort is buried deeply within the car. Like most French automobiles, the Simcas fully independent torsion bar suspension has an exceptionally long range of travel which allows it to soak up seemingly mountainous bumps with ease. With its steel-belted Michelin radials standard equipment, the harshness of tar strips and other small irregularities is more noticeable than in the Vega, but the Simcas overall ride is more resilient and superior to all of the other cars in the test. The 1204s French designers abandoned a conventional car silhouette in favor of something far more usefuland homely. The Simca consists of a box-shaped passenger compartment with the entire engine and drivetrain mounted transversely in a small module also box-shaped on the front. With an overall length of 155.3 inches, the Simca was the shortest car in the test by a full six inches, and yet its body contained the most usable space. Effectively, it is a station wagonits accurately counter-balanced rear door hinges upward, and the rear seat folds flat, opening up enough floor space so that a six-footer can lie diagonally across the cargo area. With only 1200cc of engine displacement, the Simca shares the dubious honor of having the smallest engine in the test with the Corolla. It was hardly a disadvantage, however. The Simca scored highest, with 28.3 mpg, in the fuel-economy test and ranked third in acceleration with a very slight advantage over the Pinto in the quarter-mile. The Simcas engine is well isolated and generally less noisy than that of the Vega, Pinto, or VW, but because of its high numerical 3.94.1 final-drive ratio it sounds noticeably strained above 70 mph. All of the other aspects of highway cruising are good, however, and the front-wheel-drive and extreme forward weight bias combine to give the Simca the best directional stability of any car in the test. Almost every aspect of its behaviorsoft seats, jolt-absorbing ride, and effective sound deadeningcontribute to a feeling of comfortable isolation from the road. Unfortunately, this theme is carried to an extreme by the controls. The shifter is vague and rubbery, the steering is heavy with excessive friction, and the brakes require high pedal pressure to obtain lock-up. Even the instruments seem remote, and they arewith the dash being so far away. While the dials are well placed, they are so mysteriously labeled that you are never quite sure what it is that seems to be half full at the moment. Some of the small controlsparticularly the radio, which is located to the left of the steering columnare so far away as to be nearly unreachable when you are wearing the shoulder belt. Because so few Simcas are sold in this country, the car has had very little chance to develop a reputation. Partly for that reason, we were not prepared for the high level of quality apparent throughout. Its basic structure was so extremely solid that the car was totally without rattles and squeaks. In fact, considering the price, the Simca 1204 is a bargain. It is a highly sophisticated machine that offers maximum comfort and utility in its class and it should win favor with all except those who demand conventionality in their small cars. It is a mystery that Chrysler Corporation keeps it a secret. Economical and roomy but hard pressed at 70 mph. At 1918, the Corolla was the lowest priced car in the test and yet it ranked third, primarily because of its spacious and attractive interior, good overall quality, and economy. The Corollas biggest shortcoming is that it is poorly suited to the speeds demanded on interstate highways. With its 4.22 axle ratio and 12-inch wheels the engine fairly screams at 70 mph, and the cars low weight 1785 pounds makes it fair victim for even the mildest of wind gusts. At low speeds and in traffic the car is fun to drive, however, as it feels more like a sports car than the others. The shifter is incredibly light and crisp, there is a hair-trigger clutch, and the steering is very quick if a little imprecise. Even so, the Corolla readily lifts its inside rear wheel in tight turns and consequently never achieves very high cornering speeds. Like the Simca, the Corollas engine displaces only 1200cc, and while Toyota rates it at 73 horsepower, 11 hp more than the Simca, it actually provides somewhat less performance. Only the Volkswagen was slower in the quarter-mile. It does do well in fuel economy, however. At 27.9 mpg it ranked second overall. Considering all aspects of performance, braking is the Corollas weak spot. The car stops in a straight line but the wheels lock up arbitrarily, and the distance 230 feet, 0.71 g required to stop from 70 mph borders on being unacceptable. As a point of interest, weak brakes have been a chronic problem with the Corolla since its introduction CD, December, 1968. Where the Corolla excels is in interior space. Rear seat knee room, usually in critically short supply in cars of this size, is abundant enough so that most adults can sit in back without their knees pressed sharply into the backs of the front seats. Only the Pinto has more useful rear seat room than the Corolla. And not only is the rear area roomy, but the seat is comfortable as well. Front-seat passengers dont have it quite so good. The Corollas front buckets are well padded but narrow, and the cushions need to be tilted up to offer more support under ones thighs. While the Corolla was the lowest-priced car in the test, that fact is not obvious when you look at the interior appointments. Carpeting is standard equipment, high quality vinyl is used to cover the seats and door panels, and the whole package is coordinated in pleasing colors. Interior styling is of a high standard also, and the instrument panel is attractive yet highly functional. In the final analysis, the Toyota Corolla is an extremely economical small car best suited to urban commuting and other short trips where high cruising speeds are not required. It offers less performance and comfort than the Vega and the Simcadeficiencies partially offset by its lower initial price. Big on the inside, needs a dose of VW quality control. The Pinto could do no better than fourth in the rating and was a clear disappointment to every member of the staff. We can see it reviving all of those terrible old Ford jokes that havent been heard since the Second World War, like What time is it when one Ford follows another Ford down the road? answer tin after tin. Conceptually, the Pinto is a very promising carshort and wide with more usable space for four passengers than any other car in the test. But in practice, the excellent space utilization is overshadowed by a poor sound-absorption package and an inordinately flexible structure. Whenever you hit a bump the steering wheel whips around in your hands and the whole car rattles and rustles like a burlap bag full of tin cups. Self-destruction seems only moments away. It all goes back to the engineering departments efforts to keep the weight down. The Pinto checks in at only 2065 pounds, 240 pounds less than the Vega. Anyone with an understanding of basic physics knows that less weight means better performance and economy from a given engine, and the engineers were eager not to overburden the 1600cc four that they were borrowing from their British subsidiary. In this respect, they were successful. The Pinto ends up with better acceleration and fuel mileage than the VWwhich all of Detroit has considered to be the chief target. Apparently, Ford didnt appreciate that there is a whole lot more than this to a good economy car. It turns out that the Pinto is very little more satisfactory for high speed cruising than the Corolla. The British engine is one noisy piece, and the weight-saving campaign wouldnt allow for enough sound-deadener to do an adequate job. Consequently, under hard acceleration or above 70 mph the engine produces a hearty and unwelcome roar. The Pinto has reasonable performance, but you tend to avoid using it because of all the ruckus. If you can block out the noise and various vibrations, the Pinto can be fun to drive. The rack-and-pinion steering and the shifter for the four-speed transmission are both light and direct, and the whole car bites into corners as though it knew what it was about. Handling is very nearly neutral and would be among the best in the test if the rear axle didnt do quite so much hopping around. Unlike the Vega, the axle is well controlled during braking. The standard drum brakes are very effective, their only problem being oversensitivity which causes them to lock up with very low pedal pressures. Inside the Pinto, the front buckets are very low and, in this car, the seatbacks were uncomfortably erect. The Pintos seating position was the lowest, with regard to the beltline, of any car in the test, like sitting in a very deep bath tub, and the staff couldnt agree as to whether that was good or bad. Most thought that it was at least partially responsible for the Pintos sporty-like-a-Triumph TR4 feeling. All of the instruments are grouped in two dials directly in front of the driver, and the small controls are conveniently placed as well. The test cars interior was done up in various shades of blue vinyl so color coordinated that it looked like a 3-year-old who had been dressed by his grandmother, according to one of the testers. Even though the color coordination was spot on, the general level of quality couldnt match that of the cars ranked ahead of it. Despite what Ford has led us to believe was its best efforts, the Pinto comes across like a bigger, less disciplined, and less well-made Toyota Corolla, and that is hardly what the market has been waiting for. You can almost love it for its quality, but not quite. As a car, the VW has been hopelessly obsolete for at least a dozen years, but that doesnt seem to matter out there in the world. People have long since stopped considering it a car. Its a Volkswagen, and each succeeding model is judged not with respect to the current state of automotive art, but by how much better it is than past VWs. On that basis, the new Super Beetle is one helluva VW. It has a brand-new MacPherson front suspension which only an expert could detect from the drivers seat the front trunk has been made larger as a result of moving suspension pieces out of the way, bulging up the lid, and stretching out the nose and the engine now has three additional horsepower thanks to new cylinder heads, which have two intake ports instead of one as before. Big deal. As a car, the Super Beetle is just as obsolete as all the rest of the regular VWs. Its still twitchy in crosswinds, engine noise is excessive, and the interior has more the dimensions of a fox hole than a modern passenger car. In acceleration, the Super Beetle was the fastest Bug in CD history, charging through the quarter in 19.82 seconds at 63.9 mph, but it was still the slowest car in the test by almost 2 mph. Along with the engine, the brakes have been improved over the years, and now they are good enough so that the Beetle was second only to the Vega in stopping ability. Naturally, the handling is much better now than it was in the old swing-axle days. Because of the rear weight bias FR 41.158.9 the transients are very quick and the tail wags like a loaded station wagon if you crank the steering wheel too sharply, but the Beetle no longer feels like it will roll over and play dead if you corner a bit too hard. Inside the Beetle you have a choice of a high, erect seating position or walking. There is enough space for four, provided everybody minds their elbows and those in front arent too greedy about legroom. For the first time, there is a flow-through ventilation system that can be boosted by a built-in blower. Like the Beetle engine, its noisy but it works. Despite the Super Beetles 1938 infirmities, it has quality of a kind that none of the competitors can match. The whole car feels as solid as a Supreme Court decision, first-rate materials are used throughout, and it is all fastened together as if it was meant to stay that way for several dozen years. You can almost like it for that alone. But not quite. Powerful but sadly short of economy car virtue. The Gremlin finished the test in a distant sixth place, not because it was completely without virtue but because its few strengths are not commonly sought after in economy cars. Acceleration is a prime example. Compared to the others, the Gremlin feels like a fuel-burning Hemi on the dragstrip, almost a full second and 4 mph faster than the Vega, the second-quickest car. Its also like a Hemi when it comes to fuel economy, being the only one of the test cars to register less than 20 mpg during the mileage check. What kind of economy car is this? To understand the Gremlin better you have to know its heritage. The Gremlin is really a Horneta typical American compact carmade sub-compact by chopping one foot of length out of its wheelbase. The resulting Gremlin is heavy 2640 pounds, it uses the big 232-cubic-inch 135-hp Hornet engine as standard equipment, and it has no back-seat legroom because that part of the car was removed in the radical surgery that transformed the Hornet into a Gremlin. The result is a wide, two-passenger car with a long nose, slow steering 6.25 turns lock-to-lock, an incredibly heavy clutch, and none of the nimble feeling that you expect from a small car. Its handling is ponderous and, in braking, the weight transfers to the front wheels to such a degree that the rears lock up and the car yaws sideways. To stop the Gremlin quickly it is absolutely necessary to lock all four wheels immediately so that it will maintain a straight path. Otherwise, who knows where youll end up? The Gremlins best application is that of a compact, two-passenger station wagon capable of high speeds on interstate highways. The car has good directional stability and with the standard 2.73 axle ratio it will cruise at 70 mph with a minimum of fuss. Since the rear seat optional at extra cost is too small for anything but children, it can be folded flat to give a generous cargo space which is also accessible from the rear if you order the optional swing-up rear glass. But even if the car does make a successful station wagon it will never be a comfortable one. The front bench seat is hard and offers poor support. The driving position places the steering wheel very close to your chest and there is precious little head room as you will discover the first time you lurch over a railroad grade crossing. And unfortunately, the Gremlin doesnt have Volkswagen quality to fall back on. The interior materials appear depressingly cheap and none too well screwed together. Clearly, the Gremlin would have been far better off had it stayed a Hornet. As it is, it has a very narrow application compared to the other cars in the test. At the close of the two-day test, our staff-member jury was in unanimous agreement on one point that the Vega offered the best combination of performance, fuel economy, and comfort among the six cars tested. But, giving consideration to a price 175300 depending on options more than the others, none of us are convinced that the Vega represents the best economy car buy. Its too expensivenot for what you get, but as a true economy car. On the other hand the Simca 1204, which is not so much a creature of blind adherence to convention in design or styling, offers a more comfortable and versatile interior package on a much better suspension systemand all at a friendlier price. Apart from the Vegas high-speed cruising capability, it has only its GM Tech-Center inspired body styling and a vague, unexplainable sporting flavor to recommend it to the buyer. Considering all that, and the poor showing of the Pinto and Gremlin, it looks like the foreigners still have the edge in building efficient small cars. Specifications 1971 American Motors GremlinVehicle Type front-engine, front-wheel-drive, 4-passenger, 2-door hatchback PRICE BaseAs Tested 19992066Options polyester tires, 14 rear window tailgate, 40 front bumper guards, 13 ENGINEpushrod 12-valve inline-6, iron block and head, 1x1-bbl Displacement 232 in3 Power 135 hp  4300 rpm Torque 215 lb-ft  1600 rpm TRANSMISSION3-speed manual CHASSIS Suspension, FR control armslive axle Brakes, FR 9.0-in drum9.0-in drum DIMENSIONS Wheelbase 96.0 in Length 161.3 in Width 70.6 inHeight 51.8 inCurb Weight 2640 lb CD TEST RESULTS30 mph 3.3 sec60 mph 10.5 sec 14-Mile 17.8 sec  76 mphBraking, 700 mph 210 ft CD FUEL ECONOMY Observed 19 mpg -- 1971 Chevrolet Vega 2300Vehicle Type front-engine, front-wheel-drive, 4-passenger, 2-door coupe PRICE BaseAs Tested 20912351Options adjustable drivers seat back, 17 door edge guards, 6 day-night mirror, 7 belted whitewall tires, 49 clock, 15 radio, 62 guards, 24 custom exterior, 80 ENGINESOHC 8-valve inline-4, iron block and head, 1x1-bbl Displacement 140 in3 Power 90 hp  4800 rpm Torque 136 lb-ft  2400 rpm TRANSMISSION3-speed manual CHASSIS Suspension, FR strutslive axle Brakes, FR 9.6-in disc9.0-in drum DIMENSIONS Wheelbase 97.0 in Length 169.7 in Width 65.4 inHeight 51.9 inCurb Weight 2304 lb CD TEST RESULTS30 mph 3.4 sec60 mph 12.2 sec 14-Mile 18.6 sec  72 mphBraking, 700 mph 195 ft CD FUEL ECONOMY Observed 27 mpg -- 1971 Ford PintoVehicle Type front-engine, front-wheel-drive, 4-passenger, 2-door hatchback PRICE BaseAs Tested 19192070Options radio, 61 whitewall tires, 30 accent group, 60 ENGINEpushrod 8-valve inline-4, iron block and head, 1x1-bbl Displacement 98 in3 Power 75 hp  5000 rpm Torque 96 lb-ft  3000 rpm TRANSMISSION4-speed manual CHASSIS Suspension, FR control armslive axle Brakes, FR 9.0-in drum9.0-in drum DIMENSIONS Wheelbase 94.0 in Length 163.0 in Width 69.4 inHeight 50.1 inCurb Weight 2065 lb CD TEST RESULTS30 mph 3.7 sec60 mph 15.1 sec 14-Mile 19.6 sec  66 mphBraking, 700 mph 205 ft CD FUEL ECONOMY Observed 25 mpg -- 1971 Simca 1204Vehicle Type front-engine, front-wheel-drive, 4-passenger, 2-door sedan PRICE BaseAs Tested 18751985 1970 modelOptions radio, 60 Dealer preparation, 50 ENGINE pushrod 8-valve inline-4, iron block and head, 1x1-bbl Displacement 74 in3 Power 62 hp  5800 rpm Torque 65 lb-ft  3400 rpm TRANSMISSION4-speed manual CHASSIS Suspension, FR control armstorsion beam Brakes, FR 9.3-in disc8.5-in drum DIMENSIONS Wheelbase 99.2 in Length 155.3 in Width 62.5 inHeight 55.7 inCurb Weight 2030 lb CD TEST RESULTS30 mph 3.7 sec60 mph 14.6 sec 14-Mile 19.6 sec  68 mphBraking, 700 mph 212 ft CD FUEL ECONOMY Observed 28 mpg -- 1971 Toyota CorollaVehicle Type front-engine, front-wheel-drive, 4-passenger, 2-door sedan PRICE BaseAs Tested 18481918Options radio, 70 ENGINE pushrod 8-valve inline-4, iron block and head, 1x2-bbl Displacement 71 in3 Power 73 hp  6000 rpm Torque 74 lb-ft  3800 rpm TRANSMISSION4-speed manual CHASSIS Suspension, FR strutslive axle Brakes, FR 6.3-in disc7.9-in drum DIMENSIONS Wheelbase 91.9 in Length 161.4 in Width 59.3 inHeight 54.1 inCurb Weight 1785 lb CD TEST RESULTS30 mph 4.0 sec60 mph 15.5 sec 14-Mile 19.8 sec  66 mphBraking, 700 mph 230 ft CD FUEL ECONOMY Observed 28 mpg -- 1971 Volkswagen Super BeetleVehicle Type rear-engine, rear-wheel-drive, 4-passenger, 2-door coupe PRICE BaseAs Tested 18991999Options leatherette upholstery, 35 whitewall tires, 30 dealer preparation, 35 ENGINEpushrod 8-valve flat-4, iron block and aluminum heads, 1x1-bbl Displacement 97 in3 Power 60 hp  4400 rpm Torque 82 lb-ft  3000 rpm TRANSMISSION4-speed manual CHASSIS Suspension, FR strutsstruts Brakes, FR 9.8-in drum9.1-in drum DIMENSIONS Wheelbase 95.3 in Length 161.8 in Width 62.4 inHeight 59.1 inCurb Weight 1960 lb CD TEST RESULTS30 mph 3.6 sec60 mph 16.1 sec 14-Mile 19.8 sec  64 mphBraking, 700 mph 200 ft CD FUEL ECONOMY Observed 24 mpg CD TESTING EXPLAINED 1980 Subaru 1600 4WD Test Terms of Endearment 1980 BMW 733i Tested Roll Out the Superlatives 1987 Porsche 944S Expands the Lineup 1982 Aston Martin Volante Is Determinedly Obscure 1987 Chevy Celebrity Eurosport VR Short on Sport 1987 Audi 5000S Quattro Spreads the AWD Gospel 1980 Chevrolet Monte Carlo Turbo Driven Big Oof 1988 Pontiac Grand Prix SE Is Flash Without Dash 1987 BMW 325i Convertible Test Serious Frivolity 1983 Audi 5000 Turbo Diesel Test Just Add Snails Tested 1976 Alfa Romeo Alfetta Treads a Fine Line 1981 Datsun 810 Maxima A New Kind of American Car A Part of Hearst Digital Media We may earn a commission for purchases made through our links. 2025 Hearst Autos, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Our car experts choose every product we feature. We may earn money from the links on this page. To make the most of EV ownership, you need high-voltage charging equipment at home. Heres everything you need to know to get started. This article was updated in January 2025 with new products and information. We plan to update this article regularly as we test additional units. Okay, so you bought your first electric vehicle. Now what? There are a number of ways in which EV ownership will be different from having a vehicle with an internal-combustion engine, but a big one you need to figure out immediately is charging. Trust us, youll want to be charging at home as much as possible. This has two significant benefits Charging can be accomplished when the vehicle is otherwise parked, and home charging is substantially cheaper roughly one-third the cost of DC fast-charging. On average, EV charging equipment will have an up-front cost of between 400 and 700. When I began this test, I installed a dedicated 240-volt outlet in my garagejust as a new EV owner would need to. I then tested these chargers with Car and Drivers long-term Tesla Model 3, Rivian R1T, BMW i4, and Hyundai Ioniq 5among various other test vehiclestaking notes on each chargers performance in typical daily use. This test took months of assessing thanks to the multitude of hours we charged to gather data. Because the EV-charging market is exploding, we plan on updating this article with new products and testing data twice a year. If youre an electric-vehicle owner who wants to start charging at home, heres what you need to know. This is how much charging power is being sent to your EV, which is measured in kilowatts. The voltage of the electrical circuit times the amps of current flowing equals the power in watts 1000 watts equals a kilowatt. For example, a 240-volt outlet drawing 32 amps of current is outputting 7.7 kilowatts of power. A connector is what you need to connect your charging equipment to your EV. For at-home chargers like the products on this list, there are two main types to keep an eye out for J1772 and Teslas North American Charging Standard NACS or J3400. Thankfully, adapters to switch between connector types are widely available, so limiting your purchase to whatever connection your vehicle features isnt necessary. Cost really depends on if you have enough spare electrical capacity. If so, you might be able to run a new line for a few hundred dollars. If not, adding capacity to your homes electrical system can cost a few thousand. More on that below. The sweeping Inflation Reduction Act reinstated a federal tax credit of 30 percent of your total costs capped at 1000. Electrical upgrades, wiring, and the charger itself all qualify for this creditwhich is set to be in place through 2032. Your homes electrical circuit is rated for a certain amount of maximum amperage. Since EV charging can demand anywhere from 24 to 80 amps, its important to see what additional capacity your home has above your current electrical needs, including furnace, air conditioning, oven, clothes dryer, etc. Check the main fuse in your breaker box to see the amperage ratingthats the maximum your home can handle before blowing that main breaker. If you have 150- or 200-amp service or higher, you may have enough wiggle room to add charging without an upgrade. But youll need to measure your houses peak electrical use and consult an electrician. We recommend using a modest 40- or 50-amp circuit due to its ability to charge most EVs overnight while keeping costs down. You will need a certified electrician to verify your homes circuit capacity and install any equipment or upgrades necessary. Some EV-charging equipment, such as this Emporia unit, provides load management, which means it constantly monitors your houses overall output and will automatically lower the draw of the charger if necessary not to exceed your houses capacity. The charge rate is expressed in kilowatts of powervolts times amps equals watts, 1000 watts equals a kilowattwhich can be used to estimate charge time. If youre charging at 6 kilowatts and your EV has a 60.0-kWh battery, the charge time from empty to full will be roughly 10 hours. It will actually be slightly longer due to losses during charging and the slowing of the charge rate as the battery nears 100 percent. The charge rate is affected by three factors and will be limited to the lowest of these the output of the household circuit, the charging equipment, and the vehicles onboard charger. If you wish to keep track of your EVs electrical use and cost, youll want a home-charging unit with Wi-Fi connectivity. This allows you to monitor charging, receive alerts, and control the unit via an app. Most of these EV chargers offer different variants to suit your needs. These variants hard-wired or plug, different output capabilities, different connector types, and varying cord lengths are typically offered at slightly different prices. Make sure you look at all the various options from any manufacturer. If youd like your EV charger to be mounted outside, its perfectly doable. Each charging unit we tested has an outdoor-grade rating according to the National Electrical Manufacturers Association NEMA or Ingress Protection IP standards. Theres additional information on deciphering these ratings in our FAQs section below. ChargePoint is one of the largest providers of public charging, with thousands of units nationwide. Its Home Flex unit tested here integrates into the same app used to connect to the companys public units. You can add your vehicle in the app, which tailors the percentage of the battery replenished and number of EPA miles added to your specific vehicle. We found the app to be very user-friendly, with the best displays for charge-rate graphs, and it also shows the total charge time and total energy output during each charge. Furthermore, it offers the ability to schedule charging times to take advantage of variable-cost electricity during off-peak hours most EVs also allow this to be configured in their settings menu. The ChargePoint app has the most nuanced cost tracking, allowing us to select from among dozens of possible rate plans from our local utility to pinpoint the actual cost of charging down to the penny, even when on a variable rate. We also appreciate the simplicity of the built-in notch for wrapping the cord around at the top of the unit and that the plug latches onto its dock in the center many other units require mounting a second cord-management device. Emporia offers a vast library of electricity-monitoring devices, from typical smart outlets to a system that tracks every circuit in your homes fuse panel. This entire electricity-tracking universe is integrated into Emporias app, including the ability to link your EV to the app through the Smartcar API. But if youre just using the EV-charging equipment, navigating around all of these unused areas makes the app seem overly complex. Otherwise, this is an impressive Wi-Ficonnected entry at a price hundreds of dollars less than the ChargePoint. The 11.5-kW-output capability is at the high end of this roundup. And short of a couple of features, such as using a specific vehicle to estimate the miles or battery percentage gained, the Emporia has just about everything, including detailed electricity pricing using your actual utility plan like the ChargePoint. The Emporia is now available with either a J1772 plug or a NACSJ3400 connector, and this time around, we tested Emporias load-management functionality, which is a 200 extra that pairs with the EV-charging unit. Theres no difference in the charging hardware itself, so you can add the load-management functionality after purchase. In fact, buying the Vue home-energy monitor separately costs less, so wed recommend doing that instead. You install the induction sensors and Wi-Ficonnected unit in your homes electrical panelyou can also pair more sensors to monitor electrical usage for individual circuitsand the system will adjust the output of the EV charger to keep your houses total electrical draw below the maximum threshold that you specify. This meets electrical code and can potentially avoid an expensive upgrade to your household panel. Although, in our experience, it takes a little time for the output adjustment to take place, so we wouldnt suggest running right up to the ragged edge where you might risk blowing the main breaker. The Universal Wall Connector is Teslas latest home-charging offering, which has a built-in adapter to switch seamlessly between J1772 and NACS plug types. The unit itself is significantly thicker than the standard Wall Connector with the Tesla plug, but theres a reason for that the adapter. At first, it appears to be a simple contraption that slides onto the end of a typical Tesla connector, but its actually electronically locked into place so the adapter cant go missing. Nifty. Power output remains the same from the standard Wall Connector, which peaks at 11.5 kilowatts, is available only in a hardwire configuration, and has the ability to power share with other Wall Connectors. In other big news, the unit integrates into the Tesla mobile app to allow monitoring of energy use, which is mandatory if you want to track efficiency like we do with all of our test cars. Once the charging unit is installed, it must be commissioned via a separate Tesla One app, but thankfully, any DIYer can create an account to set up the maximum output for the circuit the unit is connected to, and users can also specify certain Teslas to allow to charge at the unit while blocking others. Unfortunately, that functionality doesnt carry over to non-Tesla vehicles. The slimness of the Wall Connectors 24-foot-long cable continues to impress us as it matches the output capacity of units with thicker cables. This makes the cord easier to maneuver and leaves a smaller gap when the garage door is closed on it when charging a vehicle in the driveway. Pricewise, the Universal is more expensive at 550 versus 400 for the standard Wall Connector, which is more than what youd pay for a standalone adapter. But for a mixed-EV household or to future-proof your home-charging setup, this is a great solution. Going from a single EV in the household to two or more requires a rethink on your charging setup. Grizzl-E offers this Duo unit as an easy solution. It plugs into a single outletthere are variants for NEMA 6-50 or 14-50 plug typesand has two 24-foot cables with two J1772 connectors to charge two vehicles simultaneously. With one EV plugged in, that side gets all the available juice, up to the units or the cars maximum. If you then plug in a second EV, the output immediately splits to half for each cable. As with other single-plug Grizzl-E home chargers, the enclosure is made of beefy aluminum, and its thick cables resist winding around the included wall mounts more than most. However, this is the least expensive dual-plug charging unit we could find. Other two-vehicle options involve buying two separate charging units wired to two dedicated circuitswhich would be far more expensiveor setting up some kind of power-sharing arrangement, where the two units share the output of a single circuit both the Tesla and Emporia units support this. Another way to do this is to use the Lectron Socket Splitter see review below. What the Grizzl-E Duo doesnt offer is a Wi-Ficonnected version to allow users to track their electrical use and cost in a detailed manner or schedule charging via an app. But for a seamless way to charge two EVs simultaneously, the Duo is a great option. The Wallbox unit itself is lighter and smaller than mostits roughly an eight-by-eight-inch squareso it doesnt take up much wall real estate. Adjusting the output temporarily can be done via the app, but adjusting the hard upper limit requires unscrewing and opening the case and twisting a tiny dial on the circuit board, so make sure you grab your reading glasses first. The app has a clean look, is easy to use, and has the usual features, such as the ability to schedule charge times based on variable electricity rates or any other preference. However, the pricing function lacks the ability to track a variable rate like the ChargePoint and Emporia will do. Like Emporia, Wallbox offers a load-sharing function, but it requires buying the companys very pricey 449 power meter. The Emporia offers that advanced functionality for less than half the cost. Overall, we found the Wallbox to work well, but it doesnt offer any above-and-beyond features to justify a price thats higher than that of our top-rated models. While technically not EV-charging equipment like the others, this Lectron Socket Splitter is another option for charging two EVs from a single circuit. Think of it sort of like a power strip for 240-volt outlets, where it plugs into your high-voltage outlet and then two individual EV chargers or household appliances or other equipment plug into it. The unit prioritizes the left outlet, but once that side stops charging, the unit will start charging the vehicle connected to the other side. It doesnt ever split the power 50-50 like the Grizzl-E Duo unit does. It works well enough, as long as you make sure theres sufficient time to charge both vehiclesbecause if the left side never stops charging, the unit will never switch over to the other side. Also, after only a handful of uses, our left outlet started wobbling in place after a trim piece broke inside the unit, although it was still fully functional. When putting together this story, I went down the same path a new EV owner would, starting with installing a dedicated 240-volt outlet in my garage. We have charging at the Car and Driver office, but I needed a proper setup at home to support all of the EVs we review these days. I was able to add a 40-amp circuit to the existing electric service in my house without a pricey upgrade to run additional capacity, so thats why I landed on a 40-amp outlet versus a 50-amp setup. To be able to switch easily among the units, we ordered the NEMA 14-50 plug-in variant of each charging device. Note Tesla doesnt sell a version of its Wall Connector with a plug, so to keep our test comparable, I wired one in myself to connect to our NEMA 14-50 outlet. In the first round of testing, I used each unit to charge our long-term Tesla Model 3 numerous times over a period of months. I then compared the electricity output from the wall to what the Model 3 reported made it into its battery pack using the third-party and very cool TeslaFi software. Since then, Ive tested many other units along with the favorites from before using our long-term Rivian R1T, BMW i4, and Hyundai Ioniq 5, verifying the energy delivered to the vehicle with an inline electrical meter. Despite varying cord lengths and thicknesses, there was no measurable difference in performance or efficiency which averaged roughly 5 to 8 percent charging losses. What are the different types of EV chargers? Charging capability is categorized into three tiers. Level 1 and Level 2 use 120-volt and 240-volt AC electricity, respectively, which is what your house is wired for. Level 3, also called DC fast-charging, is high-voltage 400 to 800 volts DC charging that takes place at a dedicated public EV charger and charges far faster. DC fast-chargers can cost hundreds of thousands of dollars to install, so its not something youd put in at home. Are all home EV chargers the same? Home-charging equipment is analogous to a USB cable to charge your phone. It connects the electricity in your house to your car, and in that way theyre all similar. The main differences are their output capabilitytypically expressed in either amps e.g., 32, 40, 48 amps or power e.g., 7.7, 9.6, 11.5 kW, which equates to charging speedand whether they are Wi-Fi connected, which typically allows charging to be monitored and controlled remotely via a phone app. The other main difference is whether the unit plugs in to an outlet or is hardwired into the circuit. Many providers sell units that come in either configuration, as well as with different plug types, while others, such as Tesla, are only offered in a hardwired configuration. Whats the difference between Level 1, Level 2, and Level 3 charging? The charging Levels generally refer to charging speed. Level 1 is extremely slow think multiple days for a full charge, Level 2 is adequate for at-home use an EV can charge overnight, and Level 3 is the fastest a half-hour top-up might add 80 percent charge. Technically, the difference is the voltage at which energy is input into an EV. Level 1 means 120 volts, like a typical household outlet, with a typical charging rate of about 1 kilowatt. Level 2 is 240 volts like an electric dryer and, depending on the amperage of the circuit, can range between about 6 and 19 kW. Level 3, DC fast-charging, typically operates at 400 or 800 volts, and the rates can be as high as 350 kW. Are there tax breaks for EV owners who buy a home charger? Yes. The sweeping Inflation Reduction Act reinstated a federal tax credit of 30 percent of your total costs capped at 1000. That includes money spent on electrical upgrades and wiring to your house, in addition to the charging unit itself. This credit is currently set to be in place through 2032. In addition, there are often additional state or regional incentives, so make sure to check whats available in your area. Do I need to buy EV charging equipment? Not necessarily. While you do need a device to connect the electricity from your house to your vehicle, you may be able to get by with the portable charging equipment that came with your vehicle. In some cases, the car either comes with or the automaker sells accessory adapters that allow the portable unit to plug into a 240-volt circuit and provide perfectly acceptable charging speeds, as long as you dont mind leaving it behind in your garage or regularly loading it in and out of your car. Which plug type should I choose for my charging equipment? Although several automakers have announced a switch from a J1772 connector to Teslas North America Charging Standard NACS design in the 2025 time frame, whether you buy a J1772 or NACS unit today doesnt limit its future compatibility. There are adapters to go from NACS to J1772 or vice versa, and with the mixed ports both on the vehicles and the public-charging infrastructure, EV owners will need to get used to keeping adapters in their vehicles to be prepared for whichever plug type they encounter. Can charging equipment be mounted outside? Generally, yes. Each charging unit we tested has an outdoor-grade rating according to either the National Electrical Manufacturers Association NEMA or Ingress Protection IP standards. A NEMA 3R rating, like the ChargePoint and Tesla Wall Connector have, is intended for outdoor use, but does not mean watertight under certain circumstances, moisture could potentially enter the enclosure. The NEMA 4X rating of the JuiceBox 40 and Grizzl-E is superior. The IP ratings are two digits, the first representing the units resistance to solids in this case dust and the second number representing water protection. An IP66 rating means the unit is intended for outdoor use, with complete protection from dust or high-pressure water. But an IP67 goes one step further and can be immersed in water up to three feet deep. Another thing to keep in mind with charging equipment mounted outside is that the electrical feed line to that location must also be in an outdoor-rated enclosure and, if youre using a plug-type unit like we tested, that the outlets enclosure must also be rated for outdoor use. How do I wire my house to charge an EV and how much does it cost? A good middle ground is a 40- or 50-amp circuit, which will be able to charge most EVs overnight. EV charging equipment can either connect via a plug or be hardwired into your homes electricity. We suggest going with a NEMA 14-50 outlet that way the charging equipment simply plugs into an outlet, similar to any other household device. If you move, you can unplug your pricey EV charging equipment and take it with you, or you can easily switch to another unit in the future. Plus, when youre not charging, that outlet could also be used for other 240-volt needs, such as an electric heater or a welder. In either case the EV charging hardware can only operate continuously at 80 percent of the capability of the circuit. So, a 50-amp circuiti.e., the circuit has a 50-amp breakercan charge at up to 40 amps or 9.6 kW, or a 40-amp circuit at 32 amps 7.7 kW. The maximum current for a plug-type charging unit is a 50-amp circuit 40 amps continuous, while a hardwired circuit can go as high as 100 amps 80 amps continuous. That equates to a charging rate of 19.2 kW, which is the fastest possible with a Level 2 connection. A dedicated electrical line must be run from your breaker box to the garage or exterior location where you want to install the charging equipment. Qmerit is a company that specializes in these installs and has a nationwide network of electrical contractors to do the work. If your house has enough spare electrical capacity, you may be able to simply run a new line, which might cost a few hundred dollars. If not, more capacity needs to be added to your house, and that might raise the total to a couple of thousand dollars. Whats the difference between a vehicles onboard charger and an EV charger? Although many people refer to the products reviewed here as chargers, technically they are electric-vehicle supply equipment, or EVSE. The vehicles onboard charger is a device that converts the AC electricity from your house to DC energy to be stored in the battery, and it determines the fastest Level 2 charging rate your vehicle can handle. No matter how much electrical output you have at your house, you cant exceed the charge rate limited by the onboard charger. A few years back, the JuiceBox was one of our top picks. But in the fall of 2024, JuiceBoxs parent company, Enel X, announced it was exiting the U.S. market and would no longer support the app. Existing units will continue to be able to charge a vehicle, but the smart functionality will likely be lost over time. We wouldnt recommend buying one of these units unless you find an exceptional deal. You might know Electrify America as one of the primary DC fast-charging networks in the U.S., but the company also launched a home-charging unit a couple of years ago. We evaluated the HomeStation in our last round of testing, and it wasnt a positive experience. The unit worked exactly once before losing connectivity with the app, and it took entirely too long to get customer support to fix the issue, although they eventually offered to provide a replacement unit. The unit itself is also very large and bulky, and although styled by design firm Italdesign, we dont find it nearly as sleek as some of the others, such as the Tesla Wall Connector. I am an automotive engineer turned writer with more than 20 years of experience testing and reviewing cars. With the advent of the modern EV, Ive thrown myself into learning everything I can about motors, batteries, and charging. This roundup of home EV-charging units isnt simply a distinct test that happened over days or weeks after which I moved on to something else. Its an ongoing way of life for me as Im constantly driving and reviewing new EVs and continually evaluating the charging side of the equation while the vehicles are plugged in overnight, and Im always looking for the best new units to evaluate.Car and Driver has been testing cars since 1956, and we continue to measure the maximum acceleration, braking, and cornering performance of many hundreds of vehicles every year. In addition, we measure everything from cargo capacity to how much a vehicles pillars block outward visibility to real-world fuel economy at 75 mph. When you read one of our reviews, youre getting the value of decades of hands-on automotive experience and knowledge. More recently, weve added new tests to measure the burgeoning class of electric vehicles. Those include a range test at a steady 75-mph highway speed and a fast-charging test from 10 percent to 90 percent state of charge. You can read more about our extensive vehicle testing here. We know and love cars and live and breathe them all day, every day. Hearst Autos combines the talent, resources, and expertise of three of the largest, most influential automotive publications in the world. The Gear Team has tested a wide variety of automotive products, parts, accessories, and gear such as garage heaters, dash cams, and electric scooters. We get our hands on each and every product we test. Most are purchased some are supplied by manufacturers. Hearst Autos doesnt need to game algorithms for traffic or promote lousy products to earn a buck. Instead, were more concerned with our legacy, our reputation, and the trust that our readers have in Autoweek, Car and Driver, and Road  Track to deliver honest opinions and expert evaluations. Visit our Tested  Trusted page to see the very best in automotive gear. Read more about our product testing and evaluation process here. Dave VanderWerp has spent more than 20 years in the automotive industry, in varied roles from engineering to product consulting, and now leading Car and Drivers vehicle-testing efforts. Dave got his very lucky start at CD by happening to submit an unsolicited resume at just the right time to land a part-time road warrior job when he was a student at the University of Michigan, where he immediately became enthralled with the world of automotive journalism. These New EVs Get the 7500 Federal Credit BEVs with the Longest Driving Range Future EVs Every Electric Vehicle Coming Soon EV Range Everything You Need to Know Solid-State Batteries and Why They Matter for EVs How Much Does It Cost to Charge an EV? Best HybridEV Lease Deals for November 2024 Quickest EVs Tested 60 MPH in 3.0 Seconds or Less New Model 3 Performance Goes Faster a Lot Quicker Latest Model 3 Is Way Quieter with Far More Range MIT Study Says EV Charging Stations Boost Revenue Everything to Know About NACS-to-CCS Adapters A Part of Hearst Digital Media We may earn a commission for purchases made through our links. 2025 Hearst Autos, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Ford, GM, and Stellantis have all publicly thanked the feds for delaying tariffs, but it seems clear that they and other automakers will mount strong responses once theyre implemented. The Trump administration has placed a 30-day moratorium on tariffs for USMCA-compliant goods coming from Canada and Mexico, which will end on April 2. The further delay raises questions as to how Ford, GM, and Stellantis will respond to the federal governments goal of moving production to the United States, which some industry analysts think may not work. A report by Automotive News shows that roughly one-third of U.S. auto parts suppliers said they would move production outside of the U.S. if 25 percent tariffs on Canada and Mexico stay in place for six months. The AN report cites a February survey conducted by MEMA Original Equipment Suppliers, a company that represents U.S. auto parts manufacturers. In the study, more than 80 percent of American suppliers surveyed said tariffs on Mexico would negatively impact their business while more than two-thirds said the same about tariffs on Canada, according to AN. Nearly a quarter of surveyed suppliers said they would cut or delay investments if tariffs lasted just a month. If the tariffs were to last for six months, nearly half of the surveyed suppliers said, they would cut U.S. jobs. Given the short time frame offered by the new moratorium and the huge amounts of capital needed to move production, dont expect to see the automakers taking concrete steps on that one in the next few weeks. However, we can expect some to make announcements about their investments in the U.S., said Sam Abuelsamid, an analyst for the Telemetry market-research firm. Abuelsamid pointed to an investment plan outlined by Apple in 2021 that included a 5 billion data center in North Carolina. Most of that money was already planned for the normal course of business anyway and would have been spent regardless, said Abuelsamid. The playbook will likely be the same for automakers whose business outlook tends to be years down the road, rather than weeks or months. MEMA president Collin Shaw expressed similar sentiments to AN, saying it would be categorically false to suggest automakers could move production in a matter of months. Its a multiyear journey, at least two years to move production from location to location, Shaw said. Car and Driver reached out to Ford, General Motors, and Stellantis for comment on the exemption and we have listed their responses below. GMs statement on the exemption We thank President Trump for his approach, which enables American automakers like GM to compete and invest domestically. With more vehicle assembly plants in the U.S. than any other automaker, GM has invested over 60 billion since the USMCA took effect, and we continue to invest billions of dollars every year in our manufacturing base, supply chain, and U.S. jobs. We are committed to continued growth and delivering winning vehicles to American consumers. Fords statement As Americas top auto producer, we appreciate President Trumps work to support our industry and exempt auto companies complying with USMCA. Since President Trumps successful USMCA was signed, Ford has invested billions in the United States and committed to billions more in the future to both invest in American workers and ensure all of our vehicles comply with USMCA. We will continue to have a healthy and candid dialogue with the Administration to help achieve a bright future for our industry and U.S. manufacturing. Stellantiss statement We thank President Trump for the decision to grant a one-month exemption from tariffs to USMCA-compliant products. We strongly support his determination to enable the American automotive sector to thrive, and in the first 100 hours of his new Administration we announced major investments to grow our business in America. Since the USMCA was enacted in his first term, we invested billions in our U.S. activities and U.S. suppliers. We share the Presidents objective to build more American cars and create lasting American jobs. We look forward to working with him and his team. Jack Fitzgeralds love for cars stems from his as yet unshakable addiction to Formula 1. After a brief stint as a detailer for a local dealership group in college, he knew he needed a more permanent way to drive all the new cars he couldnt afford and decided to pursue a career in auto writing. By hounding his college professors at the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, he was able to travel Wisconsin seeking out stories in the auto world before landing his dream job at Car and Driver. His new goal is to delay the inevitable demise of his 2010 Volkswagen Golf. 1984 Porsche 911 Turbo Slant Nose Found on BaT Best New Car Lease Deals for March 2025 How to Buy the Pickup Thats Right for You Nissan Z Still Starts at 44K, Adds Iconic Color Best Cars for Uber Black Window Shop with CD Goodbye for Good? Nissan GT-R Order Books Close EVs or Bust Jaguar Spills Details on Electric GT Maserati Cancels Electric MC20 Folgore Supercar 2027 Volvo EX60 EV Crossover Shown in First Teaser The 2026 Genesis GV70s Price Rises by up to 3235 Automakers Exempt for One Month from Trump Tariffs Alpine Teases A390 Electric SUV Before May Reveal A Part of Hearst Digital Media We may earn a commission for purchases made through our links. 2025 Hearst Autos, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

You wont find NASCARs level of brawling anywhere else in top-level motorsport. As most fans know, those four words helped put NASCAR on the map. CBS commentator Ken Squier was calling the action on the 1979 Daytona 500 television broadcast when Cale Yarborough and the Allison brothers clashed. The brawl played out on live TV for 23 seconds. This story originally appeared in Volume 27 of Road  Track. Those 23 seconds changed the course of our history. They absolutely did, says Ken Martin, NASCAR director of historical content. Cale, Bobby, and Donnie werent the first NASCAR drivers to fight, but they were the first to do it on national TV. That exposed the sport and the passion of the sport to millions of viewers. Fighting has been part of NASCAR from the early days up to today. Keselowski vs. Kenseth, Bowyer vs. Gordon, the Wallace vs. Waltrip pit crews. Last May, Ricky Stenhouse Jr.s right hook landed on Kyle Buschs head in front of camerasto the delight of fans. When it comes to human nature, there are two rules about fighting 1 If theres a fight, its hard to look away, and 2 its better to be the puncher than the punchee. Looking at the way these altercations are celebrated online and elsewhere, you have to wonder Why is NASCAR the only major racing series in the world that allows hockey fights? And who is the toughest bastard ever to roam pit lane? Road  Track sought out some heavy hitters for answers. We have cars that race closer than in any other form of motorsport, 2024 Cup Series champion Joey Logano tells RT. Loganos 2013 fight with Denny Hamlin has more than 2.7 million views on YouTube. We have full-contact cars. Where other cars cant touch each other, we can continue to fight on after we touch a little bit. We have more high-pressure moments. Its going to make some emotions come out of you when something doesnt go the way you expected or you feel like youve been done wrong. Is it a good thing? Its not that Im saying fighting is a good thing in motorsport by any means, Logano continues. But you cant fake that type of stuff. You cant fake rivalries you cant fake emotion. All of it is real. Part of it is a throwback to the early days, Martin says. Most of the drivers came from rough-and-tumble backgrounds. When NASCAR started in 1949, World War II was just over. A lot of drivers were exposed to situations in the war where every day was life or death. They came back home looking for excitement. Throughout the South, the sale and movement of moonshine was a prominent business. Who could drive a load from Franklin County, Virginia, to Charlotte the fastest? You see, these guys were competitive, and they came from lawless, ruthless backgrounds. Fighting was just a way to survive. Part of NASCARs success has been its ability to harness that passion, organize the lawlessness, and set it all loose on oval racetracks in front of crowds of paying fans. And the drivers themselves? When the job requires you to go out on track with dozens of badasses who have everything on the line, and serious money and bragging rights are up for grabs, wet noodles need not apply. These drivers take the competition personally, Martin says. In todays era, like in the past, youve got to prove that you are competitive enough to stand your ground, or youll get run over. You have to show that you wont be bullied. A lot of drivers come up through the short-track system in rural corners of America, and those short tracks can be tough places. Everybody wants to get ahead, literally, and everybodys future is at stake every weekend. Kevin Harvick, the 2014 Cup Series champ, remembers growing up watching competitions at Mesa Marin Raceway, a half-mile track near the junction of Highways 178 and 184 outside Bakersfield, California. Youd always look down after a race, and thered be a big scrum in the pits, he says. Youd learn at an early age that emotions and disagreements were definitely part of racing. During Harvicks storied careerhis 121 combined wins in NASCAR make him third all timehe had on-camera dustups with Greg Biffle, Chase Elliott, Juan Pablo Montoya, and Kurt Busch. For me, there was always a purpose behind the action, Harvick says. Sometimes, he explains, you have to get across your point that nobody is going to get an upper hand on you mentally. At other times, you have to make sure the other guy understands your point of view when hes done something wrong. And every now and then, its just entertainment. Ill never forget that Anheuser-Busch sports marketing director, Harvick remembers, who told me, If youre not going to win, make sure youre exciting. Motor racing is the only major sport in which spectators dont see the competitors, who are hidden behind helmet visors and ensconced within vehicles and safety equipment. Pit lane, where the punches often get thrown, offers a chance for fans to watch these gladiators compete as humans, without the machinery and the helmets. That passion is part of the show. As long as its kept between the competitorsdriver to driverthey the series bosses want to give them the opportunity to express themselves, Martin says. Its a chance for the fans to see the people who are driving these cars. Theyre not robots. Theyre real people. Not that NASCAR is a boxing promoter. After the brawl between Stenhouse and Busch, who was left with a reddened face, the series fined Stenhouse 75,000. Will that prevent fights in the future? Doubtful. NASCAR management knows what the fans know The more passionate these drivers are, the more tickets theyll sell, and toughness is not frowned upon. Yarborough and both Allison brothers are in the NASCAR Hall of Fame. The entertainment aspect also explains why no one ever gets seriously injured. Busch, whos tussled with Stenhouse, Logano, and even a fan at Bristol in 2018, once won a WWE title. Fans can smell the blood. But they dont want their favorite drivers on the sidelines with real concussions. So who is the toughest? Whos the one guy that nobody would want to fight? Dale Earnhardt was the Intimidator, Martin says. I think youd have to give it to Dale. Dale was never one to throw a lot of punches, but you knew that you did not go up against him without knowing thered be retaliation or retribution. Just seeing him in your rearview mirror would scare you. A.J. Baime is the author of seven books, including Go Like Hell Ford, Ferrari, and Their Battle for Speed and Glory at Le Mans, and The Accidental President Harry S. Truman and the Four Months that Changed the World. An RT editor-at-large, he has driven cars on racetracks all over the U.S. and Europe, going back to 2007. He is proudly the RT staffs slowest track driver. How Revenge Spawned Datsuns Club-Racing Legacy The Car World Has Always Had Grudges and Rivalries How Radar Detector Tech Keeps Up, Then and Now NASCARs Cup Series Veers Away from Good Racing The Rivalry of the Fastest Brothers on the Planet Automotive Designs Two Paths Diverged The Stories Behind the Longtails of Le Mans Porsche 930 Turbo A Mighty Wind The Ballad of Crazy Rocketman This Indy Restaurant Is a Secret Racing Clubhouse Pagani Utopia Has Vision-Blurring Performance A Meyers Manx Is a Weird Fix for Speed Addiction A Part of Hearst Digital Media We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back. 2025 Hearst Autos, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

1. Be respectful and civil to other members, even if you disagree with them. 2. Any unacceptable content including but not limited to posts, user names, or subject lines will be deleted. 3. We do not allow harassing, threatening, racist, abusive, hateful, violent, vulgar, or obscene language or behavior. 4. Participation in, encouragement, or suggestion of any illegal behavior is cause for immediate deletion and suspension of posting privileges, and may be reported to the appropriate authorities. 5. No articles, news reports, or other copyrighted material may be posted without the permission of the relevant copyright owners. 6. Flooding or spamming on the site is not permitted. 7. No commercial solicitation or advertising will be allowed. 8. This is a public discussion forum. Do not post personal or any other identifying information, such as your name, address, telephone number, etc. Also, do not post any personal information about a third party without that persons explicit consent. 9. Please keep in mind that other users may claim expert status legal, medical, etc. that they do not, in fact, possess. We encourage you to use discretion in following their advice. 10. All posted content may be used by Hearst in any and all media, including but not limited to Websites, magazines, and books. Please refer to our Privacy Policy for more information. How We Test  Review Cars About Road  Track Your Privacy Choices About the Hearst Autos Gear Team A Letter From the Editor The Track Club Founders Exclusive Deals  Offers Advertise Online What to Really Look For in A Test Drive This is What Makes Great Design Make More of the Morning Drive Can Your Car Be Hacked? The 50 Most Delicious Things to Eat In America A Part of Hearst Digital Media We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back. 2025 Hearst Autos, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Mazdas manual hatch is still one of the best-driving small cars. The original Land Rover Defender has passed from utility to luxurywith prices to match. The Mustang Mach-E Rally finally has some competition. Meeting your heroes sometimes comes with a dose of desire for how things used to be. The MC20s turned-up sibling is lighter, more powerful, and fasterbut something has been lost in translation. A Part of Hearst Digital Media We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back. 2025 Hearst Autos, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

NASCARs decision not to suspend Austin Cindric for his hit on Ty Dillon came down to it happening at a road course instead of an oval. Dillon warns that this is the exact type of gray area that gets NASCAR into trouble. Earlier this week, NASCAR reported that Austin Cindric would be docked 50 points and 50,000 after right-hooking Ty Dillon in retaliation for being run off the track early on in the EchoPark 400 Grand Prix at the Circuit of the Americas. This penalty sends Cindric and Team Penskes No. 2 team tumbling down the NASCAR Cup Standings from 11th to 35th, but the saving grace for that team is that Cindric is still allowed to race this weekend at Phoenix Raceway. The two most recent penalties for similar right hooks saw the acting driver hit with a one-week suspension first Bubba Wallace at Las Vegas Motor Speedway in 2022 and then Chase Elliott at Charlotte Motor Speedway. NASCAR Director of Racing Communications Mike Forde says that the reason for a lesser penalty against Cindric was decided since this incident happened at a road course and not an oval, where the speeds are much higher. In this case, we did feel that it was significantly different than the previous two, Forde said on NASCARs Hauler Talk Podcast. And the reasons are it is at a road course with lower speeds to begin with, and the results didnt even draw a caution flag. So those were really the reasons why we chose to err on the side of letting Cindric race this weekend in Phoenix with a fine and a significant driver points penalty. Ahead of racing at Phoenix, Dillon told reporters that he expected a suspension since it seemed like that was the status quo created by the Wallace and Elliott suspensions. I was expecting a one-race suspension, Dillon told at track media. Im glad they did something, though. I think 50 points and 50,000 is probably enough to make him think about doing something like that again. But I think a one-race suspension is what most of us expected. They set a standard couple years ago. Dillon believes that NASCAR making the type of track the deciding differential is an instance of them deciding too many things in a gray area of their own making. Thats where maybe NASCAR gets themselves in a little bit of trouble, is when you try to play in gray areas of whats fast enough, Dillon answered Fox Sports Bob Pockrass. NASCAR for the last eight years of my career do a safety meeting at Daytona and show us a picture of a car sitting dad sideways getting hit by one going 75 to a 100 mph and the amount of damage that does is pretty incredible so lucky nobody was very near the back I guess and nobody was coming and couldnt see me when I was dead stopped, parallel to the front stretch. Would that have been enough to get the penalty? I just think we have to do a better job of just making those calls black and white and setting a little bit better standard. Cindric admits that he made a bad call when faced with adversity and, coupled with a poor start to the season, reacted badly. When asked if he thought his penalty was fair, he said it wasnt up to him and that he would accept NASCARs judgment call. Its not on me to decide what penalties are or arent its up to NASCAR, Cindric told media, including Pockrass. The penalty I definitely have to accept and work hard to make it up from. I got forced into the runoff, forced off track, and handled myself poorly in the face of adversity, and I was penalized for it, Cindric said. Victoria Beaver is a nomadic sports writer who spends her time hopping between race tracks and hippie farms. Shes covered every corner of motorsports that will let her in from 410 Sprints to NASCAR to Supercross. Her daily driver is a 2010 Subaru that she refused to do the smallest amount of preventative maintenance on. Instead, she spends her free time and money building a 42-foot Skoolie to one day travel the country full time. Almirola Battles Bowman for Xfinity Win at Phoenix Austin Hill Misjudges Corner at Phoenix RoC Pays Tribute to Michael Schumacher Cadillacs F1 Team Has Officially Been Approved YouTube Star MrBeast Crashes Formula E Race Car McLarens F1 Drivers Want to Run Le Mans NASCAR Is Suing the Teams Suing NASCAR Lego Is Going All-In on Formula 1 This Year Kathrine Legge Set for NASCAR Cup Debut Connor Zilisch NASCAR Cup Debut Ends with Crash Guest Olympian Wants to Attempt NASCAR Pit Stop Scott Dixon Finished 2nd Without His Radio A Part of Hearst Digital Media We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back. 2025 Hearst Autos, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

The loud, weird, and unforgettable Valkyrie is the most extreme example of many modern sports cars that make Le Mans prototype racing so awe-inspiring in person. Aston Martin announced an ambitious plan back in 2019 enter a variant of the Valkyrie, a road car, in the 24 Hours of Le Mans as a prototype. That plan was later canceled, and the project morphed into the track-only Valkyrie AMR Pro. By the time its racing plans were revived by The Heart of Racing team, half a dozen of the biggest performance car manufacturers on Earth had already debuted their Hypercars. Now that the Valkyrie is here, its clear it has no problems standing out in a crowded field. Through just one week of testing and practice, the Valkyrie LMH is not the fastest car in the FIA World Endurance Championships Hypercar class. The Aston has consistently been a few seconds off, and its unique production-based nature has led to speculation that the brands LMH racer could be uniquely unreliable in its first few races. While competitiveness and reliability remain obvious priorities in auto racing, this Hypercar has some other things going for it that elevate its cool factor. It is important for the Valkyrie to be fast and dependable, of course. This is the reason racing cars are built. Whether or not it actually does become either, though, is somewhat irrelevant to what makes the car special. As the last high-level racing competitor on Earth with a naturally aspirated V-12, it already stands out even among other unique prototypes. Its connection to a road car takes this one level further. Prototypes have been road cars before, but they typically went the other way. Porsches 962, in particular, was a popular target for road-going conversions. A brand called Dauer even used one of these conversions as a loophole, winning the 1994 24 Hours of Le Mans with a 962 entered as a GT car. The Valkyrie is the opposite idea. Aston Martins furious hypercar was developed as a road car first, first planned in a pub as an alliance between Red Bull and the British brand. The goal was a road car more like a Formula 1 racer than any before, and while development may have dragged on so long that Aston Martins relationship with Red Bull had ended by the time the car debuted, the mission was a great success. With the help of a 1000-horsepower Cosworth V-12 that revs over 10,000 rpm behind the driver, a Valkyrie recently smashed Silverstones production car record by ten seconds. The ridiculous V-12 had to be toned down for the race car, as did the cars ground effect-style aerodynamics. The resulting Valkyrie LMH is actually less extreme, now capped at a redline around 8500 rpm and down a few hundred horsepower after dropping the road cars hybrid system. It is still damn fast, and although practice pace has not been all that impressive, further track time and development should eventually bring the non-hybrid, production-based Aston Martin in line with the LMH and LMDh-spec hybrid racers it competes against. While the Valkyrie may be the most spectacular car in both the IMSA and FIA WEC fields, it is not the only prototype that brings serious theatrics. The other naturally aspirated car left in sports car racing, the Cadillac V-Series.R, is notorious around the world for its big, rumbling V-8. More famous is what that V-8 does when the car leaves the pit lane, firing up on a bump start after the hybrid Cadillac rolls away under electric power. The boom of the GTP racer has become the signature sound of modern sports car racing, a title that could only reasonably be challenged by the Valkyries screaming V-12 notes. Theres also the Peugeots 9X8. It might not sound as good as the Aston Martin or the Cadillac, but it was the most out-there design the prototype world had seen since the Deltawing. The French brand ran the hybrid racer without a rear wing through its first season, racing for over a year under the belief that the car produced enough downforce in other ways to compete with its high-winged competitors. Peugeot eventually relented and installed a rear wing, but the 9X8 is still wide, angular, and completely unique in design from every other car on the grid. All combined, cars like the 9X8, the V-Series.R, and the Valkyrie make modern sports car racing a must-watch for any enthusiast. All high-level auto racing features incredibly quick, highly specialized equipment. Only sports car racing can bring so much variety, and the LMDh-LMH convergence has led to a spectacular era that packs the field with memorable cars built by major manufacturers. It is the strange sports cars we remember. The Mazda 787Bs screaming four-rotor, the Porsche 917s ridiculous pressurized tube frame, and the Audi R18s flywheel hybrid system live on in the memories of fans long after their racing days have ended. The same will be true for many cars from this generation, which just might be the golden age of the 24 Hours of Le Mans. Fred Smiths love of cars comes from his fascination with auto racing. Unfortunately, that passion led him to daily drive a high-mileage, first-year Porsche Panamera. He is still thinking about the last lap of the 2011 Indianapolis 500. The Dangerous Allure of Top-Spec Performance Trims How Revenge Spawned Datsuns Club-Racing Legacy Taycan Turbo GT Beats 911 Turbo S at Interlagos The Car World Has Always Had Grudges and Rivalries Chevy Silverado EV ZR2 Concept Teases Future 4x4 Volvos ES90 Is a Flagship EV Sedan with 670 HP The Corvette SS Sets Record with 7.7 Million Sale Kathrine Legge Set for NASCAR Cup Debut Christopher Bell Goes Two for Two, Wins at COTA How Radar Detector Tech Keeps Up, Then and Now NASCARs Cup Series Veers Away from Good Racing The Racing World Needs More Fights A Part of Hearst Digital Media We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back. 2025 Hearst Autos, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

