Paul Walker is the CEO of FranklinCovey, which assists organizations in building exceptional leaders, teams, and cultures that get results.  2025 Fortune Media IP Limited. All Rights Reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy  CA Notice at Collection and Privacy Notice  Do Not SellShare My Personal Information FORTUNE is a trademark of Fortune Media IP Limited, registered in the U.S. and other countries. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Offers may be subject to change without notice.

Get Fortunes award-winning and market-moving journalismright in your inbox with the Fortune Features newsletter. Be in the know with breaking news alerts. Learn about industry leaders, disruptors, and innovators with our compelling profiles. Get the facts and analysis on the biggest stories in business with our exclusive features. Sign up here.  2025 Fortune Media IP Limited. All Rights Reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy  CA Notice at Collection and Privacy Notice  Do Not SellShare My Personal Information FORTUNE is a trademark of Fortune Media IP Limited, registered in the U.S. and other countries. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Offers may be subject to change without notice.

Fortunes Eye On AI newsletter explores how algorithms, deep learning and natural language processing are rapidly changing the business landscapeand gets underneath the opportunities and challenges posed by the rapid advance of artificial intelligence and tools such as ChatGPT, DallE and Bard. Sign up here.  2025 Fortune Media IP Limited. All Rights Reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy  CA Notice at Collection and Privacy Notice  Do Not SellShare My Personal Information FORTUNE is a trademark of Fortune Media IP Limited, registered in the U.S. and other countries. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Offers may be subject to change without notice.

2025 Fortune Media IP Limited. All Rights Reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy  CA Notice at Collection and Privacy Notice  Do Not SellShare My Personal Information FORTUNE is a trademark of Fortune Media IP Limited, registered in the U.S. and other countries. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Offers may be subject to change without notice.

Going to business school is a lifelong investment that can send your careerand salaryto new heights. The degree is known for teaching the most in-demand skills in business management, covering topics ranging from finance and entrepreneurship to marketing and analytics. Through our flagship ranking, we hope to help the next generation of leaderswho may someday run Fortune 500 companiesdiscover the best MBA program for their future. Please note that not all schools offer this specific type of information. While applying to Harvard Business Schools MBA program, applicants must submit two letters of recommendation. International students with undergraduate degrees taught in languages other than English must provide TOEFL, IELTS, PTE, or Duolingo scores. However, these test scores are recommended but not required if your graduate degree was not taught in English. No minimum GMAT or GRE scores are required, as the school has no preference for either exam, but it does accept both. The average core MBA course size is 93 students, and students typically have around five years of work experience. Fall enrollment deadlines are September 4 and January 6, and the application fee is 250. STEM-designated. Tar Heel ROI. No compromises. UNC Kenan-Flaglers top-ranked online MBA is designed for experienced professionals looking to take their career to the next level. Students have access to lifelong career benefits and a global network of 51,000 business school alumni. Earn your MBA online in as few as 18 months or up to three years. MBA Fellowships Available. The Stanford Graduate School of Businesss motto is change lives, change organizations, change the world. The MBA program allows students to dive deep into specific areas of study, such as marketing, politics economics, or organizational behavior. Applicants must submit results from either the GMAT or GRE exam as well as two letters of recommendation. International students must supply proof of English proficiency via TOEFL, PTE, or IELTS. The final deadline to apply is April 8, and the application fee is 275. GMAT score displayed is average, not median. At the University of Michigan Ross School of Business, four pillars at center to its MBA experience excellence, action, impact, and community. There are about 75 students in each MBA core class, and students have close to six years of work experience. Standardized test scores are not required, but those who do not submit must add a statement of academic readiness. One letter of recommendation is needed to apply, and international students must provide proof of English proficiency. The final deadline to apply is March 4, and the application fee is 250. The online Master of Management from UC Davis is a graduate business degree designed for recent college graduates, ambitious young professionals and career-changers aspiring to leadership roles. The 15-month online Master of Management program provides aspiring leaders with a foundation in the functional areas of business, such as accounting, finance, marketing and strategy. No minimum professional experience is required. UVAs Darden School of Business was established in 1955 and has self-described world-class master teachers. MBA candidates have about six years of work experience and about 70 students can be found in each core class. To apply, students must submit all valid GMAT, GRE, EA, MCAT, and LSAT scores as well as one letter of recommendation. International students must submit proof of English proficiency. The final deadline to apply is May 1, and the school charges a 250 application fee Rethink Your Approach to Business GMAT waivers are available for the online MBA from Rice Business, ranked a Top-20 Online MBA by U.S. News  World Report. Ranked 1 in graduate entrepreneurship in the U.S. by the Princeton Review for 2024, aspiring entrepreneurs can earn their MBA in as few as 24 months. The full-time MBA program at the University of CaliforniaBerkely Haas School of Business claims to constantly question the status quo in business education and therefore constantly innovate. Students can pair their MBA with another degree or gain a certificate in subjects like business analytics or real estate. Applicants are recommended to have at least three years of work experience. GMAT or GRE scores are required, and there is no test waiver policy. Two letters of recommendation must also be submitted. International applicants need to take the TOEFL or IELTS examination. The final deadline to apply is April 3, and the application fee is 250. The full-time, 64-credit MBA program from Carnegie Mellon University Tepper requires one professional letter of recommendation. The school recommends applicants have between three and eight years of work experience. The program offers concentrations in business analytics, energy and sustainability, entrepreneurship, innovation and product development management, and technology strategy and product management. Either TOEFL, IELTS, or Duolingo exam scores are required with exceptions. GMAT, GRE, EA scores, or approved test waivers are also required. On average, there are 50 students per core course. The deadlines to submit for fall enrollment are October 1 and May 5. The online Master of Management from UC Davis is a graduate business degree designed for recent college graduates, ambitious young professionals and career-changers aspiring to leadership roles. The 15-month online Master of Management program provides aspiring leaders with a foundation in the functional areas of business, such as accounting, finance, marketing and strategy. No minimum professional experience is required. Earn Your MBA from Maryville University - a faster, more convenient, and affordable way to earn an MBA. Earn your Master of Business Administration online from Maryville University in as few as 12 months. Prepare to advance into a management-level role. Choose from 12 optional concentrationsbuilt-in certificates. Rice Universitys Jones Graduate School of Business full-time MBA program requires one letter of recommendation and offers concentrations in energy, finance, and healthcare. International students do not need to submit English proficiency exam scores. While certain candidates might be eligible for a waiver, all applicants must submit standardized test scores. On average, there are 52 MBA students per classroom. The final deadline for fall enrollment is April 28, and the application fee is 200. At the Wisconsin School of Business, students are recommended to have at least two years of work experience before applying to the full-time MBA program. Students can choose to specialize in areas such as technology strategy  product management, marketing, corporate finance  investment banking, strategic human resources and more. To apply, one letter of recommendation is needed, and international students need to take an English proficiency exam. GMATGRE waivers are available based on eligibility. There are ongoing deadlines throughout the year, the final one is June 3 for U.S.permanent residents, and April 10 for international students. Rethink Your Approach to Business The online MBA program from Rice Business prepares students to apply both traditional and cutting-edge business principles to current real-world challenges. Students amplify their technical and leadership skills and can select from electives such as finance, marketing, entrepreneurship, strategy and operations. Located in the energy industry hub of Houston, Texas, Rice Business also features specialized electives focused on the energy field. GMATGRE waivers are available. Learn more. The Terry College of Business at the University of Georgia focuses on applied learning and personalized concierge-style instruction within its MBA program. Applicants must submit two letters of recommendation and submit standardized test results waivers available. International applicants must submit proof of English proficiency via TOEFL or IELTS. The final deadline to apply is May 10, with a 100 application fee. The online Master of Management from UC Davis is a graduate business degree designed for recent college graduates, ambitious young professionals and career-changers aspiring to leadership roles. The 15-month online Master of Management program provides aspiring leaders with a foundation in the functional areas of business, such as accounting, finance, marketing and strategy. No minimum professional experience is required. STEM-designated. Tar Heel ROI. No compromises. UNC Kenan-Flaglers top-ranked online MBA is designed for experienced professionals looking to take their career to the next level. Students have access to lifelong career benefits and a global network of 51,000 business school alumni. Earn your MBA online in as few as 18 months or up to three years. MBA Fellowships Available. Rethink Your Approach to Business GMAT waivers are available for the online MBA from Rice Business, ranked a Top-20 Online MBA by U.S. News  World Report. Ranked 1 in graduate entrepreneurship in the U.S. by the Princeton Review for 2024, aspiring entrepreneurs can earn their MBA in as few as 24 months. The online Master of Management from UC Davis is a graduate business degree designed for recent college graduates, ambitious young professionals and career-changers aspiring to leadership roles. The 15-month online Master of Management program provides aspiring leaders with a foundation in the functional areas of business, such as accounting, finance, marketing and strategy. No minimum professional experience is required. Earn Your MBA from Maryville University - a faster, more convenient, and affordable way to earn an MBA. Earn your Master of Business Administration online from Maryville University in as few as 12 months. Prepare to advance into a management-level role. Choose from 12 optional concentrationsbuilt-in certificates. The Lindner MBA at the University of Cincinnati recommends students have at least two years of work experience. Candidates are able to concentrate in subjects such as artifical intelligence, data analytics, and human resources. To apply, test scores are not required but are taken into consideration for financial aid awards. Two letters of recommendation are also needed along with proof of English proficiency for international applicants. The deadline to apply is June 15 for domestic applicants, and February 15 for international. The application fee is 65. Rethink Your Approach to Business The online MBA program from Rice Business prepares students to apply both traditional and cutting-edge business principles to current real-world challenges. Students amplify their technical and leadership skills and can select from electives such as finance, marketing, entrepreneurship, strategy and operations. Located in the energy industry hub of Houston, Texas, Rice Business also features specialized electives focused on the energy field. GMATGRE waivers are available. Learn more. Baylor Universitys MBA program is 54 credits long. Applicants are required to submit one letter of recommendation. The program is GMATGRE test-optional for all applicants. While a GMAT or GRE score is not necessary to apply, applicants can self-report a current score with their application if they choose to do so. The school offers diverse concentrations, including healthcare administration, business analytics, cybersecurity, entrepreneurship and corporate innovation, and sustainability. On average, entrants for the 202324 academic year had less than a year of prior work experience. The application deadline is May 15, and there is no application fee. The online Master of Management from UC Davis is a graduate business degree designed for recent college graduates, ambitious young professionals and career-changers aspiring to leadership roles. The 15-month online Master of Management program provides aspiring leaders with a foundation in the functional areas of business, such as accounting, finance, marketing and strategy. No minimum professional experience is required. At the Muma College of Business at the University of South Florida, the traditional MBA program is focused on sports and entertainment management. Students are recommended to have at least one to two years of work experience, and three letters of recommendation are needed to apply. GMAT or GRE scores are also needed, but waivers are available. International applicants must also take either the TOEFL, IELTS, or Duolingo exam. The average core course has 29 students. The deadline to apply is June 1with a 30 application fee. Ohio Universitys full-time MBA program can be finished in less than one year and requires three letters of recommendation, with applicants typically having between zero to three years of work experience. With 758 students admitted in fall 2023, each core MBA course has an average size of 33 students. To demonstrate English proficiency, international applicants must submit TOEFL, IELTS, or Duolingo scores. The application deadline is March 26, and the fee is 50. STEM-designated. Tar Heel ROI. No compromises. UNC Kenan-Flaglers top-ranked online MBA is designed for experienced professionals looking to take their career to the next level. Students have access to lifelong career benefits and a global network of 51,000 business school alumni. Earn your MBA online in as few as 18 months or up to three years. MBA Fellowships Available. Rethink Your Approach to Business GMAT waivers are available for the online MBA from Rice Business, ranked a Top-20 Online MBA by U.S. News  World Report. Ranked 1 in graduate entrepreneurship in the U.S. by the Princeton Review for 2024, aspiring entrepreneurs can earn their MBA in as few as 24 months. The Boler MBA from John Carroll Universitys Boler College of Business costs 1,150 per credit. When considering applicants, the program reviews applications, resumes, two professional recommendation letters, and prior education accomplishments. However, both GMAT and GRE score submissions are optional. International students must submit English proficiency exams. On average, there are 28 students per core MBA course. The deadline to apply for the fall is August 1, and applications are free. The online Master of Management from UC Davis is a graduate business degree designed for recent college graduates, ambitious young professionals and career-changers aspiring to leadership roles. The 15-month online Master of Management program provides aspiring leaders with a foundation in the functional areas of business, such as accounting, finance, marketing and strategy. No minimum professional experience is required. Earn Your MBA from Maryville University - a faster, more convenient, and affordable way to earn an MBA. Earn your Master of Business Administration online from Maryville University in as few as 12 months. Prepare to advance into a management-level role. Choose from 12 optional concentrationsbuilt-in certificates. Rethink Your Approach to Business The online MBA program from Rice Business prepares students to apply both traditional and cutting-edge business principles to current real-world challenges. Students amplify their technical and leadership skills and can select from electives such as finance, marketing, entrepreneurship, strategy and operations. Located in the energy industry hub of Houston, Texas, Rice Business also features specialized electives focused on the energy field. GMATGRE waivers are available. Learn more. The online Master of Management from UC Davis is a graduate business degree designed for recent college graduates, ambitious young professionals and career-changers aspiring to leadership roles. The 15-month online Master of Management program provides aspiring leaders with a foundation in the functional areas of business, such as accounting, finance, marketing and strategy. No minimum professional experience is required. STEM-designated. Tar Heel ROI. No compromises. UNC Kenan-Flaglers top-ranked online MBA is designed for experienced professionals looking to take their career to the next level. Students have access to lifelong career benefits and a global network of 51,000 business school alumni. Earn your MBA online in as few as 18 months or up to three years. MBA Fellowships Available. Rethink Your Approach to Business The online MBA program from Rice Business prepares students to apply both traditional and cutting-edge business principles to current real-world challenges. Students amplify their technical and leadership skills and can select from electives such as finance, marketing, entrepreneurship, strategy and operations. Located in the energy industry hub of Houston, Texas, Rice Business also features specialized electives focused on the energy field. GMATGRE waivers are available. Learn more. What is an MBA? An MBA, or master of business administration, is an internationally recognized graduate-level degree in business leadership and management that can help you advance in your current industry or change fields. Most MBA programs have a core curriculum focusing on business fundamentals, and full-time programs typically take two years to complete. Is it worth doing a full-time MBA? A full-time MBA program requires students to completely immerse themselves in their coursework, group studies, and typically complete an internship. These sacrifices can pay off the median salary of MBA grads, at 117,000, is over double than people with a bachelors degree alone. And some recent MBA grads are fetching 200,000 or more. Is a full-time MBA hard? Pursuing an MBA can be hard for students because they must transition back to academia, find the right balance between school and personal obligations, and make the most of networking and other opportunities that are a core part of business school programs. Learn more about what you should consider before you apply. How long is a full-time MBA program? Most full-time programs take two academic years to complete, with an internship during the summer in-between. However, some business schools offer 12-month degree programs. Which MBA has the highest salary? Some students from top-ranked business schools fetch pay packages exceeding 400,000 in their first roles out of school, depending on their chosen industry. In 2024, Stanford Graduate School of Business grads netted median pay packages of 182,000. Whartons graduating class had a median base salary at 175,000. Can you work and do a full-time MBA? Most full-time MBA programs are designed to be treated like a job, with a full schedule of coursework and other school-related obligations like group projects. If you dont want to give up a paycheck while attending school, a part-time, online, or executive MBA program may be a better fit. Is a part-time or full-time MBA better? Part-time MBA students continue working and earning a salary, while applying lessons learned in the classroom in their current roles. These programs are best for people who want to advance within their current company or industry. Full-time MBA students fully immerse themselves in their business education, pursue an internship, and are often looking to switch careers. What is a traditional MBA? A traditional MBA refers to a full-time program that typically takes students two years to complete. Classes are typically conducted in person and on campus for traditional programs, and business school is a full-time endeavor for these students. Online MBA versus traditional MBA? Online MBA programs allow for more flexibility in students schedules, but traditional full-time programs offer students more personalized coursework and the opportunity to take full advantage of internships, networking, and other career resources. Traditional MBA programs are best for people who are switching careers. Executive MBA versus traditional MBA? A traditional MBA program can be an asset for professionals at any point in their career who are looking to switch careers, while the executive MBA option is geared toward more seasoned professionals who want to land a C-suite role. Which full-time MBA ranking is best? Fortunes ranking of the best traditional MBA programs stands out by finding schools that not only offer comprehensive curricula, but also see their students achieve competitive salaries after graduation.  2025 Fortune Media IP Limited. All Rights Reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy  CA Notice at Collection and Privacy Notice  Do Not SellShare My Personal Information FORTUNE is a trademark of Fortune Media IP Limited, registered in the U.S. and other countries. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Offers may be subject to change without notice.

Catch up on global daily news Dive into compelling long reads Tune into engaging conversations Watch engaging short films Gain insights from experts Curated news, direct to your inbox Unlimited digital access to all reporting, podcasts, newsletters and events IF YOU JUDGE how well-read someone is by the number of books they get through, your correspondent is a veritable bibliophage. Most of the books are around 30 pages long and generously illustrated. They are read aloud, to a five-year-old at bedtime. His favourites, requested again and again, can start to grate. The most annoying are stored on shelves that are out of a small arms reach. But many are funny, thought-provoking and moving enough to stay in the rotation. Here are eight childrens books that both read-to and reader can enjoy, over and over. What if Hitler had won and Hillary Rodham had broken up with Bill Clinton? Four books on controversies that helped to shape the presidential election Six books about feelings that are both universal and unique to the person experiencing them Seven books on Israeli intelligence agencies, which are spearheading the offensive against Hizbullah in Lebanon Four books and a film on a pivotal Middle Eastern country An introduction to a large, evolving and controversial subject To enhance your experience and ensure our website runs smoothly, we use cookies and similar technologies. Registered in England and Wales. No. 236383  Registered office The Adelphi, 1-11 John Adam Street, London, WC2N 6HT  VAT Reg No GB 340 436 876  The Economist Newspaper Limited 2025

Catch up on global daily news Dive into compelling long reads Tune into engaging conversations Watch engaging short films Gain insights from experts Curated news, direct to your inbox Unlimited digital access to all reporting, podcasts, newsletters and events BOARD GAMES have long fascinated artificial-intelligence AI researchers. They have clear rules, well-defined playing fields and objective winners and losers. This makes them perfect sandpits for training AI software. Sometimes, though, their rules contain glitches. Aficionados of Go will be familiar with ko fightssituations in which the basic rule set would permit a game to carry on for ever, and for which an exception had to be created. Avoiding similar problems in newly invented games is something AI can help with. This article appeared in the Science  technology section of the print edition under the headline Your move Discover stories from this section and more in the list of contents They are small and tuskless, but extremely fluffy Dont break the bank Flexible drills, distributed power systems and, of course, artificial intelligence The key is to fly very low indeed Yes, but the benefits wont last Plate tectonics could explain continental plateaus and mini mass extinctions To enhance your experience and ensure our website runs smoothly, we use cookies and similar technologies. Registered in England and Wales. No. 236383  Registered office The Adelphi, 1-11 John Adam Street, London, WC2N 6HT  VAT Reg No GB 340 436 876  The Economist Newspaper Limited 2025

Catch up on global daily news Dive into compelling long reads Tune into engaging conversations Watch engaging short films Gain insights from experts Curated news, direct to your inbox Unlimited digital access to all reporting, podcasts, newsletters and events Bad neighbour America targets its three biggest trading partners Canada, Mexico and China Bukele buckles Its curtailment is the price of an IMF bail-out. And one worth paying Losing his shine Protectionist threats and erratic policies are combining to hurt growth Free exchange Extreme poverty in the country has dropped to negligible levels Wealth transfer Forget about your career. Today an inheritance is what matters Buttonwood The answer depends on whether speculators resist zany ETFs Vigilante justice Treasury yields are falling sharply. But not for the presidents desired reasons Hard cash, soft rules Policymakers are racing to catch up with their rapid rise Unlucky for some They are now at a 13-year high. How concerned should you be? Vanke panky They did not want to bail out indebted firms. Now they are on the verge of doing so Free exchange At first glance, they are a bureaucratic nightmare. On a closer look, they are even worse Fiscal Vollgas How self-imposed constraints could lead to a bizarre outcome To enhance your experience and ensure our website runs smoothly, we use cookies and similar technologies. Registered in England and Wales. No. 236383  Registered office The Adelphi, 1-11 John Adam Street, London, WC2N 6HT  VAT Reg No GB 340 436 876  The Economist Newspaper Limited 2025

Catch up on global daily news Dive into compelling long reads Tune into engaging conversations Watch engaging short films Gain insights from experts Curated news, direct to your inbox Unlimited digital access to all reporting, podcasts, newsletters and events Business They must hope the levies do not endure Business Another bulging postbag for Max Flannel Business From Allianz to Zalando, pedlars of services are outdoing industrial firms at homeand foreign rivals abroad Business That could leave a gap for other planemakers to fill Business Can it be profitable, too? Business Nicotine pouches are growing fast Business TSMC will keep making most of the worlds advanced chips at home for years to come Business Can the sizzling revenue growth last? Business How companies can lessen the blow from the American presidents assault on trade Business The doctrine of management by walking around matters more than ever Business As Silicon Valley embraces the president, legacy media steers clear Business But those hoping for radical deregulation will be sorely disappointed To enhance your experience and ensure our website runs smoothly, we use cookies and similar technologies. Registered in England and Wales. No. 236383  Registered office The Adelphi, 1-11 John Adam Street, London, WC2N 6HT  VAT Reg No GB 340 436 876  The Economist Newspaper Limited 2025

Get the best of The Economist, straight to your inbox. Weekly Highlights from the latest weekly issue, introduced by our editor Daily The very best of our journalism, handpicked for you each weekday Weekly Your guide to an emerging great power Weekly Long reads and life from 1843 magazine Subscribe today for access. To manage your newsletters, visit My Account. Subscriber only  Weekly Editorials, columns, guest opinions and your letters, all in one place Subscriber only  Weekly A behind-the-scenes look at how we chose and designed this weeks cover Subscriber only  Daily Catch up quickly on the global stories that matter Subscriber only  Daily A sharp round-up of the most important US political news Subscriber only  Weekly Your essential guide to global business and technology Subscriber only  Weekly Expert analysis of the biggest stories in economics and markets Subscriber only  Weekly Exclusive insight from our correspondents in America Subscriber only  Weekly Analysing the challenges facing Britain and what needs to be done to overcome them Subscriber only  Weekly The best of The Economists defence coverage, in one place Subscriber only  Weekly Understand what the world makes of Chinaand what China makes of the world Subscriber only  Weekly Inside Europe, from the front lines in Ukraine to the corridors of power in Brussels Subscriber only  Weekly A weekly fix of our mind-expanding science coverage Subscriber only  Weekly A weekly conversation about culture. Because culture is a serious business Subscriber only  Weekly Weekly insights into a continent that is reshaping our world Subscriber only  Weekly Get to grips with a region where capital, climate and geopolitics collide Subscriber only  Weekly Taking you behind the scenes of our data journalism Subscriber only  Weekly Follow the action in Latin America, from the depths of the Brazilian Amazon to the Mexican-American border Subscriber only  Fortnightly Climate-change analysis that you wont read elsewhere in The Economist By signing up to this newsletter, you agree to our terms and conditions and acknowledge our privacy policy. To enhance your experience and ensure our website runs smoothly, we use cookies and similar technologies. Copyright  The Economist Newspaper Limited 2025. All rights reserved.

