Its hard to think of a subsector of crypto more hyped up than AI. AI-based tokensmeaning tokens that rely on AI for some of their utilityare everywhere from Injective, which uses AI to to rapidly ask, search and find relevant info when building on Injective to AnimeAIToken, which does well, Im not exactly sure. Its hard to miss these tokens since some of them have pumped more than a freshly drilled Texas oil well. Injective, for example, saw its token increase by 300 since June when it... by Reza Jafery  4 min read Your gateway into the world of Web3 The latest news, articles, and resources, sent to your inbox weekly.  A next-generation media company. 2025 Decrypt Media, Inc.

Your gateway into the world of Web3 The latest news, articles, and resources, sent to your inbox weekly.  A next-generation media company. 2025 Decrypt Media, Inc.

Chainwire The MuskIt team was proud to host Errol Musk in Dubai for an exclusive four-day visit this week. As an honored guest of the MuskIt project, Errol Musk explored key locations for the proposed Musk Tower  a planned hub for global technology, blockchain innovation, and entrepreneurship. His visit marks a pivotal moment for MuskIt and the entire crypto community, solidifying the projects commitment to real-world impact and lasting legacy as the first memecoin turning into a culture coin and real-world asset ownership. He spoke more about his vision in the exclusive interview with Arabian Gulf Business Insight here. Youtube link httpswww.youtube.comwatch?vjhgSKUtmbTc MUSKIT tokens will be allocated towards the ongoing development of the Musk Institute and Musk Tower as confirmed by Errol Musk during an interview with Sky News Arabia. The Musk Institute will serve as a global hub for education, research, and collaboration, driving advancements in frontier technology, sustainable innovation, and blockchain integrationaligned with MuskIts four pillars of transformative science, academic synergy, venture incubation, and mission-driven solutions. The Musk Tower, a flagship infrastructure project, is designed to provide a dynamic space for events, business ventures, and decentralized services. MuskIt The Official Token of the Musk Institute Errol Musks visit isnt just about scouting locations its about solidifying the power of MUSKIT Token as the backbone of this project development. During his tour, he publicly endorsed it as the official token of the Musk Institute in an interview with Sky News Arabia and an interview with Arab News. This integration of blockchain will empower token holders to be part of a movement that bridges digital assets with real-world development. The token will provide membership privileges, including access to VIP services, research initiatives, and networking opportunities. Additionally, the MuskIt team is actively targeting traditional finance investors, positioning the token as a meme asset accessible to all, bridging the gap between digital culture and institutional investment. Educational access, innovation grants, and marketplace services within the Musk ecosystem will further enhance the tokens utility, creating a dynamic and interconnected hub for blockchain, technology, and business innovation. About MuskIt MuskIt is more than just a meme coinits a movement. A mindset that embodies taking bold action, breaking barriers, and achieving greatness. Inspired by the revolutionary spirit of innovation and efficiency, MuskIt represents the drive to do things better, challenge the status quo, and redefine success. With over 50,000 holders already owning MUSKIT, its expanding community reflects its growing presence. Unlike your traditional meme coin, which is meant only to embody an idea, MUSKIT is backed by the Musk Family and will serve as the official coin of Errols Musk Institute. MUSKIT the coin for those who dont let anything stand in their way. Musk Family Endorsed and Approved. Official Links Website httpswww.muskit.io Telegram httpst.meJustMusk_It X httpsx.comJustMuskIt Dexscreener httpsdexscreener.comsolanaHd8LeEdJsspSJAJm15nmpFjQdntn1ZpBFV35ppRDrevE Cognitio Strategiescontactcognitiostrategies.io Disclaimer Press release sponsored by our commercial partners. Your gateway into the world of Web3 The latest news, articles, and resources, sent to your inbox weekly.  A next-generation media company. 2025 Decrypt Media, Inc.

Generated by AI, curated by humans Learn, and engage with our verticals for loyalists Human-curated news, interviews, and insights into extending your life expectancy. Premium Newsletter In only a few months of existence, ChatGPT has quickly dominated conversations about AI and risen to international prominence. AI agents are reshaping cryptocurrency with smart automation, fraud detection, and optimized trading. DeepSeeks low-cost, high-power AI model has shaken up the global AI industry and ethics debates. Heres how they did it. Quantum computing is touted as the next giant leap forward for computingbut it could also be cryptos undoing. Find out how it works. Human photosynthesis, the belief that humans may someday be able to benefit from sunlight by turning it into energy in the same manner as plants, is broadly connected to a larger movement known as transhumanism. In a simple interface, a question to Bard will retrieve and display blocks of information, ChatGPT does the same but in a single text prompt. Weve always thought of the economy as a human constructsomething we build, regulate, and optimize. But what happens if this is no longer the case? Artificial intelligence has advanced at a rapid clip since the first consumer-facing LLMs achieved rapid widespread popularity. At this point, this technology isnt just being used to generate content or field queries its beginning to transact independently and determine its own workflows. In other words, todays most sophisticated AI agents dont... Mar 2, 2025  6 min read Technology Mar 1, 2025  3 min read Artificial Intelligence Feb 28, 2025  3 min read Artificial Intelligence Feb 28, 2025  8 min read Artificial Intelligence Feb 27, 2025  5 min read Coins Feb 27, 2025  11 min read Business Feb 26, 2025  3 min read A weekly AI journey narrated by Gen, a generative AI model. Weekly Your gateway into the world of Web3 The latest news, articles, and resources, sent to your inbox weekly.  A next-generation media company. 2025 Decrypt Media, Inc.

Investment DAOs are, as the name suggests, decentralized autonomous organizations where users pool their funds in order to make investments. Ethereum Classic is a smart contract platform and cryptocurrency. We explore its history and why it broke with Ethereum in 2016. Markets Binances native token BNB jumped to record highs on Wednesday amid a broader crypto market uplift that saw a resurgence in long-time altcoins affiliated with Ethereum and Bitcoin. BNB surged 8 to a new peak above 788, beating out its previous June all-time high of 710, CoinGecko data shows. The asset is used for trading fee discounts, transaction fees on the Binance Smart Chain, staking, participation in token sales, payments, borrowing, and lending. Meanwhile, Ethereum Classic ETC and... by Sebastian Sinclair  2 min read The Landscape Over the past few years, Decentralized Autonomous Organizations DAOs have become commonplace in cryptocurrency. Whether you discovered crypto through meme coins, NFTs, or DeFi, chances are youve interacted with a DAO somehow. DAOs are organizational structures for businesses or communities where control is spread via the distribution of tokens rather than hierarchy. Theyre typically online communities focused on a specific goal. DAOs take many forms some are light-hearted, like a group of s... by Reza Jafery  6 min read Coins Barry Silbert, the founder and CEO of Digital Currency Group DCG, has sold some of his Grayscale Ethereum Classic Trust ETCG shares, according to a recent SEC filing. DCG is one of the largest crypto conglomerates on the market and counts Grayscale Investments, the trusts issuer, as one of its subsidiaries. According to the filing, Silbert has moved to liquidate nearly 120,000 ETCG shares, worth an aggregate market value of approximately 755,295 dollars. This also appears to be the first t... by Pedro Solimano  2 min read Coins As the crypto bear market continues to pull the price of digital assets lower, Ethereum Classic and Ravencoin, both potential post-merge havens for proof-of-work miners, are seeing double-digit losses. The price of Ethereum Classic has fallen 23.4 in the week following the merge. The proof-of-work hardfork of the now proof-of-stake Ethereum saw the price of its coin drop from 38.93 on September 15, 2022, the day of the merge, to 29.39 today, according to data from CoinGecko. Ethereum Classic... by Jason Nelson  2 min read Business After Ethereums successful merge, miners began switching their rigs to other blockchains. Ethereum Classic ETC, a hard fork of Ethereum executed following the 2016 DAO hack, saw its network hash jump nearly 300 from 66.54 terra hashes per second THs last night to 265.43 THs today, per data from 2miners. The tremendous increase in hash rate can likely be attributed to the Ethereum merge earlier today. Hash rate of ETH over the past 24 hours. Source 2miners. After the merge, Ethereum no... by Sujith Somraaj  2 min read Business As Ethereums long-awaited upgrade nears, miners appear to be switching their rigs over to Ethereum Classic. Ethereum is set to end mining on its network tonight following the merge, which transitions the network to proof of stake. Meanwhile, the original Ethereum chainEthereum Classic, which forked back in 2016has hit an all-time high hash rate of 65.49 terahashes per second THs, according to 2miners.com data. Hash rate refers to the computational power used to mine a cryptocurrency. A... by Mat Di Salvo  2 min read Markets Merge-related cryptocurrencies, including Ethereum ETH, Ethereum Classic ETC, and Lido Finance Lido, have posted severe losses over the past 24 hours. Ethereum dropped 8.82 over the past 24 hours and trades at around 1,515 after bouncing off from its support at 1,500 earlier today. Ethereum is now down 68.95 from its all-time highs of 4,891.70 recorded in November 2021, per data from CoinMarketCap. On a weekly note, ETH is down 4, hitting a new weekly low after the months-long bull r... by Sujith Somraaj  3 min read Coins Ethereum Classic ETC, a hard fork of Ethereum executed following the 2016 DAO hack, hit an all-time high record hash rate of 48.82 terra hashes per second THs yesterday, per data from 2miners. ETC, the native token of the Ethereum Classic network, has since jumped nearly 12 over the past 24 hours and trades at around 35.6, according to data from CoinMarketCap. The coin has surged over 60 in the past 90 days from 21.40 to 35.6 today. Hashrate is the total computational power used to m... by Sujith Somraaj  2 min read Coins Holders of Ethereum Classic ETC are cautiously watching the mining activity of its blockchain, as the approaching merge of Ethereum ETH and its transition to the proof-of-stake consensus mechanism puts more attention on the six-year-old cryptocurrency. The drastic jump in activity may signal a shift in focus for cryptocurrency miners. It could also reduce the risks of a so-called 51 attack on ETC, which have been levied against the blockchain in the past. The hash rate of the Ethereum Cla... by Jason Nelson  4 min read Coins This week in coins. Illustration by Mitchell Preffer for Decrypt. Despite the ongoing cypto bear market, many top cryptocurrencies posted double-digit percentage gains over the week. Bitcoin had no such luck. Bitcoin only rose 5.5 over the last seven days and currently trades for 24,460 according to CoinMarketCap. Ethereum rallied much harder. The No. 2 cryptocurrency and leading blockchain for high-functionality smart contracts is up 16 in the past week to 1,984 at the time of writing, a... by Tim Hakki  4 min read Coins With anticipation building for the Ethereum merge next month, the price of Ethereum Classic ETC hit a four-month high of 42.29 per coin today, an increase of 15 percent in 24 hours, before settling slightly lower for the day, according to CoinMarketCap. Ethereum Classic is a hard fork of the Ethereum blockchain co-founded by Vitalik Buterin and Gavin Wood. While both Ethereum forks point to 2015 as their launch, the Ethereum blockchain was rolled back and relaunched in 2016 after the hack of... by Jason Nelson  2 min read Coins As Ethereum takes its final steps toward the mergethe networks much-hyped move to proof of stakean influential crypto miner is looking to create a movement to resist that transition. Chandler Guo, a well-known Chinese crypto miner, has launched a campaign to fork the Ethereum blockchain and create a spinoff, proof-of-work version, according to a Twitter post last week. In Ethereums current proof-of-work model, so-called miners can generate ETH by directing huge amounts of computer power at... by Sander Lutz  3 min read Coins Ethereum Classic, a non-forked version of Ethereum, is enjoying a hefty rally early Wednesday morning. Following the infamous DAO hack of 2016, Ethereum split into two blockchains Ethereum, the second-largest cryptocurrency by market capitalization, and Ethereum Classic. The newly created chain is the currently used Ethereum network, and the hacked chain continues to operate as Ethereum Classic. Importantly, the latter will not be merging to a proof-of-stake PoS consensus mechanism in Septem... by Sujith Somraaj  2 min read The Coins Ethereum Classic is a smart contract platform and cryptocurrency. Ethereum Classic ETC shouldnt be confused with Ethereum ETH, even though they were the same until an argument led to divorce. Below we explore what led to the split. What is Ethereum Classic? Ethereum Classic is very similar to Ethereum because it shares a common origin. Its a blockchain that allows other applications to be built atop it. These decentralized applications, or dapps, use code known as smart contracts so that p... by Ki Chong Tran, Jeff Benson  5 min read Coins XRP and Ethereum Classic both blew up 10 today, despite a 0.52 drop in the global market capitalization of cryptocurrencies. XRP commands 59.13 billion of cryptos 2.10 trillion global market cap, making it the seventh-largest cryptocurrency, according to data aggregator Nomics. It trades at a price of 1.27, having blown up 10.19 overnight. It peaked at 1.32 on Sunday, its highest price since May. XRPs rally has been building momentum over the last few days. On Friday it posted a 6 inc... by Tim Hakki  2 min read Markets The wider cryptocurrency market continued to rise for a second straight day, with Ethereum Classic surging and Dfinitys Internet Computer token again posting some of the largest gains. Ethereum Classic ETC, the cryptocurrency that split from the larger Ethereum blockchain following the infamous The DAO hack in 2016, is up more than 31 over the last 24 hours, data from CoinGecko shows, to a current price of 57, with its seven-day price increase topping 41. On Monday, Ethereum Classic develo... by Andrew Hayward  3 min read Coins Digital Currency Group DCG on Monday announced it would buy 50 million worth of ETCGa stock owned by its subsidiary, Grayscale, that is a proxy for owning Ethereum Classic. DCG plans to use cash on hand to fund the purchases and will make the purchases on the open market, at managements discretion, said the company in a statement announcing the purchase. Grayscale is best known for its flagship product, the Grayscale Bitcoin Trust, which owns a massive amount of Bitcoin that it has packa... by Jeff John Roberts  3 min read Coins Barely a week after setting its former all-time high of 44.80, Ethereum Classic has more than trebled in value. At 7 pm yesterday, the coin set an ATH of 157.30. Though the price has since dipped to 142.18, Ethereum Classic has bulldozed its way into the top 20 cryptocurrencies by market capitalization. At the start of the year, ETC was worth between 5 and 6. The coin has since steadily grown in value, but the bulk of its explosive price movement occurred over the past week. Today, the co... by Tim Hakki  3 min read Coins Ethereum Classics price surged overnight, sending the token into uncharted territory. In the last week, it has demolished its April 15 high of 38.43, ascending all the way to 97.24 today, according to data from Nomics. But, depending on the exchange you use, you might be paying a lot more. On Coinbase, the price went as high as 149.75 before settling down into the 127 rangea full 35 more than on Binance and 12 more than on trading app Robinhood. While the large price discrepancy is lik... by Jeff Benson  4 min read Coins While the global market capitalization of cryptocurrencies took a 0.22 hit today, Ethereum Classic ETC has come out on top, surging 12.23 to reach an all-time high price of 44.80. Meanwhile in a show of camaraderie, Ethereum ETH is also weathering the storm. Its up 1.5 to trade at 2,877 a coin, no doubt hungrily chasing its own all-time high of 3,000. Ethereum Classic?! Ethereum Classic is the original version of Ethereum. Ethereum, the more popular blockchain, forked from Ethereum... by Tim Hakki  4 min read Your gateway into the world of Web3 The latest news, articles, and resources, sent to your inbox weekly.  A next-generation media company. 2025 Decrypt Media, Inc.

