Statements from the education secretary nominee during her confirmation hearing conflicted with Trumps 2020 Title IX policies. Joseph J. Fischel and Kyler Chittick argue that the academic left has ceded too much of the moral high ground when it comes to free speech. The order says the United States will oppose male competitive participation in womens sports more broadly, as a matter of safety, fairness, dignity, and truth. Advocates for victims of sexual violence said the decision would put students at greater risk of harassment while conservative lawmakers and advocates applauded the move, arguing it would make students safer. The executive order could eventually change how the federal government enforces Title IX and other laws, though theres no immediate impact on colleges. Subscribe for free to Inside Higher Eds newsletters, featuring the latest news, opinion and great new careers in higher education  delivered to your inbox. View Newsletters Copyright  2025 Inside Higher Ed All rights reserved.  Website designed by nclud 45 Articles remainingthis month.

Effective January 1, 2020 Inside Higher Ed values your privacy and promises to protect your personally identifiable information. The privacy policy below applies to all Inside Higher Ed sites and services. Some third-party service providers used by Inside Higher Ed may have their own privacy policies, and Inside Higher Ed is not responsible for their privacy policies or any other practices of these sites, it is always our intention to work with reputable providers who maintain views similar to ours regarding privacy. Below, well detail the ways in which we may collect information about you and how that information is handled. Information specific to California consumers is also provided below. Information You Provide to Us Account CreationTo read more than five Inside Higher Ed articles, you need to create an account and provide an email address create an Account. In this process, you are also asked to provide your name, job title, organization, job functional area, and to create a password. Other Information You ProvideIf you are making a purchase or otherwise entering information on our site including to apply to a job or access specific content such as a bookletsurvey or webcast, we may require information to help process your transaction. This might include but is not limited to your name, email address, job title, organization, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other information to help facilitate your experience or purchase. The only time we will ask for credit card information is when you are making a purchase on our site. From time to time, Inside Higher Ed collects data from users via surveys or other forms of market research. This data may be shared with third parties, such as advertisers, but is done so in aggregate. The only time you will need to provide personally identifiable information is if you wish to enter a contest associated with a particular survey in those cases, you will need to provide an email address, so we can contact you about your prize. Participation in any survey is completely voluntary. Information You Authorize From Third-Party ServicesWe offer users the ability to create or access their Inside Higher Ed account via social login. This allows you to use an existing social networking account such as LinkedIn, Facebook or Twitter in order to login to our site this may be done in addition to or instead of creating an account on our site. If you choose to utilize social login, we may receive information about you from the social networking provider. For example, if you login using Facebook, Facebook may provide information such as your name, email address, public profile photo and gender. If you do not wish to share the information your social login provides, you can disconnect that login from your Inside Higher Ed account. Information We Collect About You Non-Identifiable InformationInside Higher Ed uses third-party analytics providers, such as Google Analytics and Chartbeat, to monitor and analyze site traffic. Our systems collect basic information about your computer, including IP address, location, operating system or browser. We also collect information about the content and services our users access on the site, including the pages they visit and the duration of use. We use this information to help us understand the needs and preferences of the Inside Higher Ed audience as a whole. This information is not used to identify any specific user or track a specific users behavior on the site. Our systems also collect information from cookies, web beacons and similar technologies. To read more about our use of these technologies, please see the Use of Cookies section. Other InformationInside Higher Ed may also use publicly available information from third-party services to improve the data we have about our users. How We Use Your Information We may use your information in one or more of the following ways Information Sharing With Third Parties At Your Direction or With Your ConsentWe may share your information with third-parties when you have told us to do so or have consented to us doing so. These cases may include, but are not limited to Provide the Information or Services You RequestedInside Higher Ed uses third parties for services and functions such as managing user accounts, sending email newsletters and processing payments. Your information may be shared with the third-party services who are responsible for processing or facilitating these services on our behalf, including, but not limited to, third-party authentication, email or newsletter distribution, or data service providers and subcontractors. For example, Inside Higher Ed Careers is powered by the Madgex Job Board Platform if you post a job to or apply for a position through Inside Higher Ed Careers, your information will be shared with and handled by Madgex. Likewise, when purchasing a product or service from us, your payment information will be shared with the third-party company that is responsible for processing financial transactions for Inside Higher Ed. As Required by Law or as Needed to Protect Our Users, Sites or Services We may be bound to disclose your personal data to authorities to whom it must be disclosed in order to comply with legal, regulatory, judicial or any other request coming from an authority with jurisdiction to require the disclosure. Use of Cookies To enhance your experience on our Services, we may place cookies on your computer or device. Cookies are small text files that store your preferences. Cookies, by themselves, do not tell us your e-mail address or other personal information unless you choose to provide this information to us by, for example, creating an account. Once you choose to provide us with your personal information, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie. A cookie assigns a unique numerical identifier to your Web browser or device and may enable us to recognize you as the same user who has used our services and relate your use of the Services to other information about you, such as your usage information and personal information. We use cookies including, but not limited to cache cookies, web beacons or clear gifs to understand usage of the Services and to improve our content and offerings and to deliver advertisements that you might be interested in. For example, we may use cookies to personalize your experience on our Services e.g., to recognize you by name when you return to our site, to save your password in password-protected areas, to enable shopping carts, or to tailor content or product and service offerings. You can modify your cookie preferences via your browser if you wish to change how your computer accepts cookies. You also can disable cookies altogether. However, if you disable browser cookies, it may interfere with the proper functioning of Inside Higher Ed sites or services. Policy Regarding Children Inside Higher Eds sites and services are not directed to children and children are not eligible to use our sites or services. We do not knowingly collect or store any personal information about children under the age of 13. If we learn that a child under the age of 13 has provided personal information to us, we will delete that information from our records to the fullest extent possible. Your Right to Information We give you the ability to manage your settings and preferences, including the ability to modify or remove your personal information. You can also ask that we correct or delete your data, if so justified. We protect your right to information by answering your questions concerning the processing of your data and respecting your right to access to your account settings, payment information or other information resulting from your use of Inside Higher Ed sites and services. Persons in certain jurisdictions, including those in European Union EU member states, may have additional legal rights and protections and we are committed to complying with those rights and protections. To exercise your right to your information under applicable law, please email us at privacyinsidehighered.com. How We Retain Your Data We keep your account data for as long as it is needed to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, to provide our services, to deal with possible legal claims, to comply with our business interests andor to abide by all applicable laws. Thereafter, we either delete your personal data or de-identify it. We delete jobseeker and subscriber accounts that have been inactive for at least three years. Please note that even if you request the deletion of your data, we may be required by law or otherwise to retain the data and not delete it. However, once those requirements are removed, we will delete your data in accordance with your request. How We Protect the Security of Your Data We have put in place appropriate organizational, technical and physical safeguards to help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security and correctly use the information we collect. We work to protect the security of your information notably during transmission, using HTTPS to encrypt any data you provide via our sites and services. However, no manner of data storage or transmission is completely secure. It is also important for you to protect your data, especially to prevent unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Information for California Consumers This section provides additional information about Inside Higher Ed and the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 or CCPA. Inside Higher Ed does not meet the conditions as outlined in Section 1798.140 of the CCPA and therefore is not subject to CCPA requirements. Because Inside Higher Ed values your privacy and promises to protect your personally identifiable information, you can learn about the personal information we collect in the Information You Provide to Us and Information We Collect About You sections above. For specifics about how and when we share your personal information with third parties, please see the Information Sharing With Third Parties section above. We give you the ability to manage your settings and preferences, including the ability to modify or remove your personal information. You can also ask that we correct or delete your data, if so justified. Please see the Your Right to Information section above for more information about managing your data. Contact Us If you have additional questions regarding this privacy policy, if you would like to opt-out of receiving communications from us, or if you want to lodge a complaint with us, please email us at privacyinsidehighered.com. Dispute Resolution EU residents may report privacy complaints directly to their local data protection authorities. You may also contact us to be directed to the relevant authorities. Changes to Our Privacy Policy We review this privacy policy regularly and may modify or otherwise update it at any time. The current version in effect will be available on our website at httpswww.insidehighered.comprivacy. We encourage you to review this policy from time to time to understand how your data is collected and used. Last Updated June 23, 2021 Copyright  2025 Inside Higher Ed All rights reserved.  Website designed by nclud 45 Articles remainingthis month.

Inside Higher Ed was founded in 2004 by three executives with decades of expertise in higher education journalism and recruitment, who believed that higher education was evolving quickly and radically and that the time was right for new models of providing information and career services for professionals in academia. These founders conceived of Inside Higher Ed with a few underlying principles Excellence. We believe deeply in the many missions of colleges and universities shaping minds, training workers and engaging in discovery. To carry out those missions, the people who work in higher education need the best news and information possible about their professional world. By best, we mean, above all, accurate, thorough and reliable. We also care about history, context and nuance -- one of the reasons we love being part of higher education is that the toughest issues here arent simple. But that doesnt mean that youll necessarily like everything we publish on this site we take our watchdog role seriously and will do plenty of hard-hitting investigative reporting, sparing no sacred cows. And just because the information is authoritative doesnt mean it has to be bland or boring we want you to have a little fun when you visit Inside Higher Ed, which is why youll find humor columns amid our breaking news, incisive commentary and freewheeling blogs. Accessibility. You dont need a large expense account anymore to get the best news, information and career services. At Inside Higher Ed, weve significantly lowered barriers based on cost. Much of our content is free -- so most everyone can access the important information daily. Job seekers, too, can use virtually all of our services without paying a dime. And employers will find a comprehensive suite of job services at prices that every institution can afford. For those higher professionals who need the next level of resources, we offer a membership program at a relatively modest fee. In every way, this is a site for everyone in higher education. Community. If were doing our jobs well, everyone who works in or cares about higher education should feel, every day, that this site is produced for them. This is a gathering place for all of the many constituents and diverse institutions that make up the rich web of higher education. At Inside Higher Ed, youll find no pecking orders or second-class citizens. We invite you -- no, actively encourage you -- to add your views to our mix. Submit a letter to the editor. Send article ideas or tips to our staff members. If you have a computer or phone or heck, a piece of paper and a stamp, youve got a voice here. In 2022, Times Higher Education THE acquired Inside Higher Ed. THE is the worlds most authoritative source of data, analysis and information on higher education, with five decades of experience dedicated to the field. THE is well known for publishing the World University Rankings since 2004 and, more recently, providing data, insight and consultancy services using the extensive data points they collect from universities globally. The future looks bright through this incredible new partnership. Tips, questions, suggestions, and feedback are not only welcome, but encouraged. Drop us a line at infoinsidehighered.com. Were glad youre here, and hope youll stay awhile and come back soon. View our job openings. The people behind IHE. Read more about our owners. Copyright  2025 Inside Higher Ed All rights reserved.  Website designed by nclud 45 Articles remainingthis month.

Institutions must invest in faculty and staff well-being at work, Vicki L. Baker and Rebecca Pope-Ruark write. The associate vice president of student affairs shares how her career trajectory informs the work she does now managing student access and success services on campus. Kenyatta Y. Dawson writes of the power of slowing down. Three professionals working in higher education share testimonies of how theyve impacted students learning and future goals. The New York Times reported that Rachel Dawson was fired after allegedly saying that Jews didnt need her offices diversity services. After that article, the university added that she misbehaved at a protest. A new research brief finds that California higher ed institutions employ more Latino and Asian faculty and staff than a decade ago. Newer faculty in particular are more diverse. Genia M. Bettencourt, Lauren N. Irwin and Rosemary J. Perez offer strategies for achieving more sustainable careers even as they call for a deeper reimagining of roles. Graduate student labor ranks have swelled since 2020, and they joined faculty and other university workers in historic strikes. But the coming Republican federal takeover could threaten that growth. Subscribe for free to Inside Higher Eds newsletters, featuring the latest news, opinion and great new careers in higher education  delivered to your inbox. View Newsletters Copyright  2025 Inside Higher Ed All rights reserved.  Website designed by nclud 45 Articles remainingthis month.

How should universities manage the rapid uptake of artificial intelligence across all aspects of higher education? We talk to three experts about AIs impact on teaching, governance and the environment. Discussing President Donald Trumps executive orders and actions and what pushback theyve seen. How one college community is rebuilding after the devastating wildfires displaced both students and faculty. Hear from two academics who are developing publishing solutions that encourage and underpin quality research practices and improve access to scholarly work. Study abroad is tied to personal and professional growth for college students, but crossing the border can be an enormous hurdle for some learners or feel unattainable. Two leading academics explain why everyone benefits when researchers look beyond academia to seek greater understanding and new knowledge alongside the broader public or affected communities. President-elect Trumps known and unknown policy agenda and its potential impact on universities and colleges. Subscribe for free to Inside Higher Eds newsletters, featuring the latest news, opinion and great new careers in higher education  delivered to your inbox. View Newsletters Copyright  2025 Inside Higher Ed All rights reserved.  Website designed by nclud 45 Articles remainingthis month.

In this EdWeek blog, an experiment in knowledge-gathering, Ferlazzo will address readers questions on classroom management, ELL instruction, lesson planning, and other issues facing teachers. Send your questions to lferlazzoepe.org. Read more from this blog. Education research has been in the news, as the Trump administration has dramatically reduced funding for it. Nevertheless, theres still tons of it around, and more still will be forthcoming. How can teachers best use research to help their students? Todays post is the first in a three-part series designed to walk educators through the process of interpreting research to help us all sift the wheat from the chaff. Editors Note As of this writing, all of the links to federal government sites are live. Cara Jackson currently serves as the president of the Association for Education Finance  Policy. She previously taught in the New York City public schools and conducted program evaluations for the Montgomery County public schools in Maryland. Norma Ming serves as the managing director of the Impact Lab at the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching and previously worked at the San Francisco Unified school district as manager of research and evaluation. Liz Farley-Ripple is a professor in the School of Education at the University of Delaware, co-directs the Center for Research Use in Education, and is the director of the Partnership for Public Education. Mentions of evidence-based have increased so dramatically over the past 25 years that educators may find it overwhelming. The field has undergone rapid changes over the past few weeks. Many educators are committed to using evidence to improve educational opportunities and outcomes. In this post, we discuss how educators can assess current programs against evidence, explore the role of local context in implementation, and provide resources to support educators use of evidence. We use the term program throughout as shorthand for program, policy, practice, intervention, or strategy. What are you hoping to accomplish, and what do you know about progress to date? Educators should start by reflecting on what current programs are expected to accomplish, such as improving educational attainment, achievement, and social and emotional well-being. The federal guidance intended to strengthen the use of evidence offers a helpful list of questions to consider as you identify local needs and seek to understand the root causes of those needs. Are current programs aligned with evidence? Educators can next examine whether current programs align with evidence, consistent with the call for identifying evidence-based program components in the federal guidance. The Institute of Education Sciences IES practice guides and the Education Endowment Foundation resources reflect evidence-informed practices, while IES intervention reports and Evidence for ESSA offer summaries of research evidence for specific programs. Though the answer to this question is unlikely to be as simple as yes or no, a general sense of how well aligned the current program is with the evidence can be helpful in thinking through whether to adapt the program or adopt a new one. The innovation domain of the Consolidated Framework for Implementation Research CFIR calls for examining the degree to which the program has evidence supporting effectiveness and is better than other available alternatives. Figure by Cara Jackson If the program is aligned with evidence, would changes improve outcomes? A programs success or failure depends on many contextual factors. If a current program is aligned with evidence but not achieving intended outcomes, consider what is needed to strengthen implementation. Additional training, staff, or resources may be necessary, including time for educators to collaboratively troubleshoot implementation challenges. Educators time and energy is finite, so its important to consider whether reducing other demands on their time could improve implementation of current programs. The CFIR includes infrastructure, relational connections, communications and culture among the features of the inner setting to consider. Is it worth replacing the program with a new one? Though any new program incurs some opportunity cost in the time and energy invested in the change, if your answers to the questions above are no, it may be worth changing course. Following the principle that a policy should be adopted only if there is no other way to create the same effect at a lower cost Harris, 2009, here are some questions to consider Education researcher Dylan Wiliam has said everything works somewhere, and nothing works everywhere. As noted earlier, program success or failure may be related to contextual factors, so results from a study in a setting similar to yours may be more compelling than results from dissimilar settings. The CFIR lists local attitudes and conditions, policies and laws, and finance among the features of the outer setting to consider. If your setting differs from the study setting, here are some questions to ask to determine if its likely that you would see similar results in your context. Key takeaways The next post in this series will discuss how to be a critical consumer of research claims. Thanks to Cara, Norma, and LIz for contributing their thoughts! Consider contributing a question to be answered in a future post. You can send one to me at lferlazzoepe.org. When you send it in, let me know if I can use your real name if its selected or if youd prefer remaining anonymous and have a pseudonym in mind. You can also contact me on Twitter at Larryferlazzo. Just a reminder you can subscribe and receive updates from this blog via email. And if you missed any of the highlights from the first 13 years of this blog, you can see a categorized list here. The opinions expressed in Classroom QA With Larry Ferlazzo are strictly those of the authors and do not reflect the opinions or endorsement of Editorial Projects in Education, or any of its publications.

Matthew Stone is an assistant managing editor for Education Week, overseeing a team of reporters who specialize in education policy and politics, school finance, and district leadership. He previously served as an editor and reporter at the Bangor Daily News in Bangor, Maine.

School programs, classes, and events focused on particular cultures dont automatically run afoul of federal civil rights law, the Trump administration said over the weekend. But schools must ensure those programs are open to all students and dont make students of a particular racial group feel guilt for their ancestors actions. Thats one takeaway from a new, FAQ document the U.S. Department of Education released March 1, two weeks after the agencys office for civil rights issued a sweeping directive instructing schools to cease all race-based programming or risk losing federal funds. That Feb. 14 directive brought widespread confusion about whether schools and colleges could continue initiatives such as clubs celebrating students of a particular race or ethnicity or even teach Black history. In addition, during her Feb. 13 Senate confirmation hearing, Education Secretary nominee Linda McMahon declined to say whether a Black history course or racial-affinity club would be allowed under a January executive order from President Donald Trump cracking down on schools diversity, equity, and inclusion programs. Legal experts have described the Feb. 14 dear colleague letterwhich the agency described as guidance to schoolsas vague, overly broad, and virtually impossible for schools to follow. Theyve also raised concerns that it has had a chilling effect, prompting schools and colleges preemptively to drop efforts to ensure equal opportunity for all students and cultivate a welcoming environment. The letter has already drawn a lawsuit claiming it was unconstitutionally vague and misrepresented federal law. The departments office for civil rights gave schools two weeks from the date of the letter to comply. The civil rights office followed up with the nine-page FAQ document on Saturday, just after that two-week mark. The initial letter hadnt defined DEI programs, nor spelled out the kinds of programs that could run afoul of Title VI of the Civil Rights Act, which bars race-based discriminated in federally funded programs. The new document still doesnt define DEI, but clarifies that not all race-based programs automatically violate Title VI. Schools with programs focused on interests in particular cultures, heritages, and areas of the world would not in and of themselves violate Title VI, assuming they are open to all students regardless of race, the document reads. Nor would educational, cultural, or historical observancessuch as Black History Month, International Holocaust Remembrance Day, or similar eventsthat celebrate or recognize historical events and contributions, and promote awareness, so long as they do not engage in racial exclusion or discrimination. The document also notes that federal law bars the federal Education Department from controlling schools curricula, which are decided at the state and local levels. Still, the FAQs continue the Trump administrations hard line against what it labels DEI as well as social-emotional learning and culturally responsive teachingpractices that have long attracted conservative ire. Many schools have advanced discriminatory policies and practices under the banner of DEI initiatives, the document reads, without specifying what those policies and practices are. Other schools have sought to veil discriminatory policies with terms like social-emotional learning or culturally responsive teaching. Social-emotional learning teaches students strategies to manage their emotions, make responsible decisions, and build life skills culturally responsive teaching incorporates students cultural identities and experiences into classroom instruction to make it more relevant. Plus, the document says, programs dont have to be labeled DEI to violate the 1964 civil rights law. Schools may not operate policies or programs under any name that treat students differently based on race, engage in racial stereotyping, or create hostile environments for students of particular races, the document reads. During a Feb. 28 panel discussion hosted by the Brookings Institution, before the Trump administrations FAQ document was posted, legal experts warned schools against overcorrecting to comply with the guidance, noting that it is not legally binding and may even contradict existing laws. Theres other laws on the other side, and policies you dont want to go so far as to try to comply with this and run afoul of actual law, said Robert Kim, executive director of the Education Law Center. Schools need to temper their overreaction and counsel needs to be grounded in what the actual law requires. The panelists said they expect the guidance to run into various legal challenges from districts, advocates, and education organizations. The guidance gives notice of how the agency is interpreting existing law, said Kimberly Robinson, a professor of law and public affairs at the University of Virginia. But ultimately, dear colleague letters are not binding and cannot contradict the law, which has established that efforts to create a more diverse, equitable, inclusive district are lawful when they help to challenge and disrupt stereotypes and result in a learning environment where all students are valued and can thrive, she said. Administrators who arent legal experts and do not fully understand Title VI could feel fearful because of the new guidance and begin cutting programs that are legally permissible in an attempt to comply with what they think the guidance demands, said Liliana Garces, a professor of educational leadership and policy at the University of Texas at Austin. Even with all of that legal understanding, this letter can have that very practical effect that it instills fear, so educators abandon policies that remain lawful, she said.  ... Even if the guidance is struck down in the courts, it will still have an effect if educators change policies out of fear. Jackie Wernz, a former civil rights attorney at the Education Departments office for civil rights, added that the guidance and its implications for schools are far from clear cut and said districts have options to do the kinds of work they think is important for their students, whatever that may be. The Feb. 14 dear colleague letter relies on the U.S. Supreme Courts decision in 2023 that struck down affirmative action in college admissions, arguing that the courts ruling applies more broadly. The FAQ document sticks to that broad interpretation. But a Feb. 25 lawsuit led by the American Federation of Teachers challenging the original DEI directive disputes it. This letter radically upends and rewrites otherwise well-established jurisprudence, the lawsuit reads. No federal law prevents teaching about race and race-related topics, and the Supreme Court has not banned efforts to advance diversity, equity, and inclusion in education. The AFT, along with its Maryland affiliate and the American Sociological Association, also argued in their lawsuit that the dear colleague letter was too vague to give clear notice of what conduct is supposedly prohibited. Rather than clarify matters, the FAQ document has just made things murkier, AFT President Randi Weingarten said in a statement. It seems like vagueness, confusion, and chaos is the point, she said. What happened to this administrations supposed allegiance to free speech and to eschewing censorship? The original letter from mid-February had warned schools that it would take appropriate measures to assess compliance, but didnt specify what measures it would take. The follow-up document clarifies that it will use the office for civil rights usual process of pursuing a voluntary resolution agreement with districts found to have violated a civil rights law. The office can withhold federal funds from a school district or university, but it seldom does. Cutting off funds requires multiple steps, which include opportunities for a district to appeal and for Congress to intervene. The last time OCR cut off funds to a school district was in 1990, and that stemmed from a complaint it began investigating six years earlier.

