If you have information for a story that you would like to share confidentially with Deadline, use our confidential submission form. The tipline is for information with potential impact on the industry or an exclusive involving sensitive evidence valuable to the story. You do not need to include your name and email to submit, but we would like a way to follow-up on your lead. Messages are reviewed regularly, but we cannot promise an individual response. Submit Δ Email Send an email directly to editorsdeadline.com Mail Deadline Confidential Tips 11175 Santa Monica Blvd Los Angeles, CA 90025 Signup for Breaking News Alerts  Newsletters By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy. We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form. Sign up for our breaking news alerts By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy. We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation.  2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved. By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy. We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

By Dade Hayes Business Editor Sunday nights Oscar telecast started and ended with indelible moments a stirring Wicked duet and a climactic pair of wins by Anora. Unfortunately for many Hulu subscribers, both ends of the 3-hour, 45-minute telecast were the exact points when they got blocked from accessing the show due to technical glitches. The outages prompted howls from frustrated viewers on social media and multiple apologetic statements from Hulu about flaws in the first-ever Oscar livestream. Two days later, the question nags not just at consumers but an entire industry committed to streaming What exactly caused the stream to fail? Unlike cases like Netflixs global stream of Novembers Jake Paul-Mike Tyson fight, scale didnt seem to be the problem. At 19.69 million viewers across both ABC linear TV and Hulu, it was a fraction of that of past Oscar shows or Februarys Super Bowl. Instead, authentication  the process of getting subscribers properly logged into the Disney-owned platform  appeared the main culprit. A fix of the initial login programming flaw contained code that caused a number of logged-in subscribers to get booted off the stream about 15 minutes before the show ended, one source familiar with the snag told Deadline. Watch on Deadline Hulu declined to expand on its initial statements from Sunday, but Deadline spoke with nearly a dozen streaming experts about the outages, including people familiar with the workings of Disneys tech stack. The main consensus from those conversations was that even two-plus decades into the 21st century, streaming remains imperfect as the TV business transitions from its big iron linear roots to an internet-protocol future. Anything thats live is just incredibly hard, Wim Sweldens, co-founder and CMO of streaming tech firm Kiswe, noted in an interview. Livestreams are exciting, but things can go wrong, he added, particularly at the beginning and the end of an event. Its like a plane taking off and landing. Those are the riskiest things an airplane does. Once its flying, its sort of flying OK. Two main steps are required when a viewer attempts to access a livestream authentication identifying the user and authorization determining the users permission, especially in regard to geography and payment. Live events are hard to predict, making planning an inexact science, and the digital clock of streaming often clashes with the more fluid reality of programming that might end at 43 minutes past the hour or other odd intervals. RELATED All The Oscar Best Actress Winners  Photo Gallery One senior exec at Brightcove, a major provider of streaming technology to a number of clients though not Disney or Hulu, said authorization remains a chokepoint on the internet. He compared the task of authorizing viewers to managing the entrance of a physical venue. The turnstile gets backed up, he explained. As a company providing a livestream, you have to really think through that turnstile because then it cascades. Think of a real concert, where people are waiting to get in and shoving against the doors. It can make it difficult to get in and keep the doors open. Disney has invested aggressively in streaming infrastructure, acquiring control of the pioneering Major League Baseball entity BAMTech several years ago as it acquired full control of Hulu and prepared to launch Disney. Last summer, the company hired 20-year Google and YouTube veteran Adam Smith as Chief Product  Technology Officer, Disney Entertainment and ESPN. Live events have proliferated on Disney, ESPN and Hulu, generally without issues, though the 2018 Super Bowl experienced outages for select subscribers to Hulus pay-TV arm in a glitch that received press coverage at the time. RELATED Every Best Actor Oscar Winner Back To 1927 Disney has definitely invested in real-time capabilities, one streaming veteran told Deadline. But this is a legacy problem for the whole industry. Youre building a digital framework on top of linear television. The Brightcove exec noted that linear TV isnt perfect, but it doesnt have to be. Streaming promises programmers a one-to-one relationship with viewers, instead of the one-to-many relationship of the broadcast TV era. That means a dramatic increase in the ability to target select viewers with advertising. The tradeoff, though, is that glitches sometimes occur. RELATED Oscars Every Best Supporting Actress Winner Back To 1937 A password-sharing crackdown recently initiated by Disney, following in the path of Netflix, which has phased one in successfully, was raised by some experts as a potential contributor to the login issues. Others strongly disputed any potential connection. One high-level exec who ran and launched streaming operations in legacy media companies said the Oscar snag is kind of a meh event for Hulu, just given the scale of it. Its high-profile in showbiz circles, but an average customer isnt going to see it as a black eye. RELATED Oscars Every Best Supporting Actor Oscar Winner Back To 1937 The Brightcove exec agreed, saying, Those that use the internet as their primary medium for entertainment, they just have intrinsically more patience with technical issues, given the offsetting benefits of convenience. Theyre not going to see a gigantic drop-off of subscribers on Hulu because of this. Theyre just not. The optics and timing of the glitches, though, were far from ideal. On Oscar Sunday, as Disney was getting set for its first simulcast on Hulu, word emerged that the companys exclusive negotiating window with the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences had expired. While Disney could still re-up and extend its 50-year relationship with the Oscars before the deal ends in 2028, other companies could get in the mix. The field has a number of large-scale streaming rivals to Disney, including Netflix and Amazon, each of which has made a push into live events and award shows. Netflix carries the SAG Awards and Amazons Prime Video airs the Country Music Awards. RELATED Conan OBrien Oscars Monologue Best Jokes, Touching Moments, Adam Sandlers Shorts And John Lithgows Glower On social media, embers still are glowing from the angry bonfire that roasted Hulu on Sunday night, attesting to the downside risk of moving TV onto the internet. Hey hulu your system kicked me off the livestream right before Best Actress, thanks for NOTHING, fumed film writer and historian Farran Nehme in one typical complaint. This never happened when I just had cable, hulu. You better be preparing to give us all the rest of the year for FREE. Although streaming outages continue to occur across the industry, they appear to be growing less frequent. Tubi, Foxs free streaming outlet, handled more than 15 million concurrent viewers at last months Super Bowl without faltering, as some rivals had predicted they might. Prime Video, Netflix and NBCUniversals Peacock all have cleared major hurdles with exclusive streams of NFL games without flaws, defying skeptics. RELATED Where To Watch 30 Of The Oscar Contenders, From Emilia Pérez To Conclave The technology is getting more mature, Sweldens said. There are more companies that have the capabilities and have dealt with it. Companies will hit one of these issues and learn from it. Still, he continued, the complexity of livestream delivery are daunting. Its not like 50 years ago when we put up rabbit-ears antennas on top of our TVs. RELATED The 2025 Oscars Parties  Events Photos Red Carpet Rollout  Governors Ball Preview Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy. Signup for Breaking News Alerts  Newsletters By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy. We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form. Sign up for our breaking news alerts By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy. We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation.  2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved. By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy. We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

By Peter White Executive Editor, Television Dana Walden made her debut at the Morgan Stanley Technology, Media, and Telecom Conference on Tuesday afternoon. Walden, whose title is Co-Chairman, Disney Entertainment, The Walt Disney Company, didnt break news at the event but did talk up the success of FXs Shōgun, while avoiding the topic of CEO succession. Many observers opined that her appearance had the hallmark of a senior executive making her case to Wall Street and investors that she should be the one to replace Bob Iger who she sat next to at the Oscars on Sunday when he steps down for a second time. When asked by Benjamin Swinburne, media and telecom analyst at Morgan Stanley, about leadership at Disney going forward, Walden said, This is such a talented, I would say, gifted, group of leaders. It is a small leadership team who deliver so much value. The culture at Disney is excellent. This company is in incredibly good hands, and weve had the amazing opportunity to learn and work with Bob now, who I really could not think more highly of and I know thats a sentiment thats shared widely across our industry and across business in general. This company is in excellent hands, and I have amazing colleagues. Watch on Deadline Swinburne highlighted the difficulties over the last few years including a volatile period for the industry with leadership changes, reorgs, the pandemic and the labor strikes in Hollywood. It has been very rough for everyone in the room, said Walden. Walden is widely considered one of the potential successors to Iger along with ESPNs Jimmy Pitaro, theme parks and experiences chief Josh DAmaro and her Disney Entertainment co-chairman Alan Bergman as well as a handful of external candidates. The former Fox executive talked up Disneys movie and TV slate at the event, highlighting shows such as Paradise, which dropped its finale today on Hulu, as well as Shōgun. She reminded people that the company won 60 Emmys in September including 18 for the period drama that included Outstanding Drama Series as well as 11 wins for The Bear. That was more than any of our competitors ever. I think it is meaningful to point out that the rest of the industry split the other 69 awards, so there is value in the content and how were delivering it to our subscribers, she said. Shōgun has been renewed for a second season. Co-creator, showrunner and executive producer Justin Marks told reporters backstage at the Golden Globes in January that the writers were finishing the writers room in February. Star Hiroyuki Sanada said at last months Critics Choice Awards that he is very excited about the plan for the 10-episode season. I think the thing to take away, more than anything, is how, I hope people are going to be surprised with some of the big ideas as soon as the first episode of part two. So, well start there and see where it takes us for future stories, he added. Walden said that Disney and FX wouldnt rush the process. We like to bake it carefully. We will not release season two until its ready, she added. Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy. Signup for Breaking News Alerts  Newsletters By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy. We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form. Sign up for our breaking news alerts By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy. We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation.  2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved. By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy. We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

Neon Anora Panelists Sean Baker WriterDirector ProducerEditor Casting Director Mikey Madison Actor Alex Coco Producer Samantha Quan Producer MODERATOR Pete Hammond I think that everyone would agree, we just feel so fortunate to have one of the best casts ever. They came from all around the world, just super kind people, super generous with cast and crew. And yeah, honestly  it feels like a Cinderella story. OAK Motion Pictures Im Not a Robot Panelists Victoria Warmerdam WriterDirector Trent Producer MODERATOR Pete Hammond Its not the story about the woman who finds out Im not a robot or whether she finds out or not. We wont spoil, but its not about that. Its about much more than that. DisneyPixar Inside Out 2 Panelist Kelsey Mann Director MODERATOR Pete Hammond I did try to literally go in deeper with what Rileys going to experience, because those are my favorite sequels  the ones that kind of enhance and grow and kind of explore things or a little more complicated. IFC Films Memoir of a Snail Panelist Adam Elliot WriterDirectorProducer MODERATOR Ryan Fleming Im quite cruel to her as a writer, but I felt that needed to be so that when the moments of levity came along, the moments of comedy and humor and warmth, they were really powerful and potent. Orion Pictures  Amazon MGM Studios Nickel Boys Panelists RaMell Ross Co-WriterDirector Joslyn Barnes Co-WriterProducer MODERATOR Pete Hammond I think in that sense, Nickel Boys definitely has something to offer, at least as a sort of response or a side of resistance to stories that were fundamentally buried. National Geographic Documentary Films Sugarcane Panelists Emily Kassie DirectorProducer Cinematographer Julian Brave NoiseCat Director MODERATOR Matt Carey One of the central kind of ideas behind Sugarcane is this question of what happens when the ghosts come home to tell the story. Six Feet Films The Last Ranger Panelists Cindy Lee Director Darwin Shaw WriterProducerEditor MODERATOR Antonia Blyth Your heart is so wide open that at the end of the film, when those numbers come up, you just absorb them and you hang on to them and they really stay with people. DreamWorks Animation The Wild Robot Panelists Chris Sanders WriterDirector Kris Bowers Composer Randy Thom Supervising Sound Designer MODERATOR Ryan Fleming I knew from the moment I read the book that we had to move in a completely new direction in order to faithfully get this narrative up on the screen. Universal Pictures Wicked Panelists Myron Kerstein, ACE Film Editor Nancy Nugent Title Supervising Sound EditorSound Design John Marquis Supervising Sound EditorSound Design Re-Recording Mixer Andy Nelson Re-Recording Mixer MODERATOR Anthony DAlessandro If you dont at least get a handle on what your doing emotionally, then the rest of it is going to fall apart. Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form. Sign up for our breaking news alerts By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy. We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation.  2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved. By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy. We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

By Peter White Executive Editor, Television EXCLUSIVE Theres more change within The Bachelor universe. Deadline understands that co-executive producers Michael Margolis and Keely Booth have exited the ABC dating franchise. It comes amid challenging circumstances behind the scenes of the Warner Bros TV-produced show and its spinoffs. Last month, Deadline revealed that The Bachelorette had been paused for its traditional 2025 cycle, leading to a slew of crew members losing their jobs on the franchise. Subsequently, a dozen former and current producers on the franchise accused showrunners and executive producers Claire Freeland and Bennett Graebner of running a toxic and hostile environment, accusations the pair deny. Watch on Deadline Margolis and Booth, who worked on the post-production side of the franchise, were not impacted by the recent exodus but resigned at the end of last week. Deadline understands that Warner Bros TV did not solicit their resignations. Margolis is Freelands husband, and he and Booth joined the franchise last year. Before working on the ABC version of The Bachelor, the pair previously worked on the Canadian version of Bachelor in Paradise, a show Freeland previously ran. Margolis was a series director of Canadian versions of The Bachelor, The Bachelorette and Bachelor in Paradise and has also directed episodes of shows including Border Security Canadas Front Line, Love It or List It Vancouver and cats_the_mewvie. Booth was showrunner of Bachelor in Paradise Canada and a senior story producer on the Canadian version of The Bachelor as well as an executive producer of The Liquidator as well as an executive producer of cats_the_mewvie. The Bachelor, starring Grant Ellis, is currently in Season 29, airing Monday nights on ABC. Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy. Signup for Breaking News Alerts  Newsletters By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy. We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form. Sign up for our breaking news alerts By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy. We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation.  2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved. By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy. We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

75 Years of Atlantic Records looks back at the storied labels history through 691 pages of beautiful photos Jesse Welles, whose spartan protest songs about war, healthcare, and capitalism have gone viral, performed a pair of shows in New York on Feb. 21 in support of his new album, Middle. Musics A-list artists bring plenty of drama to the Grammys 2025 red carpet If you want to see Timothée Chalamet portray Bob Dylan in a performance that will likely earn him an Oscar nod, head to your local multiplex and see A Complete Unknown. But if you want to see images of the actual Dylan through the lens of some of the greatest photographers in rock history, head  In less than 24 hours, a string of fires have ravaged Southern California, destroying countless homes and forcing thousands to evacuate. As of publication, the fires have caused two fatalities and turned more than 1,000 homes, businesses, and other structures to ash. The first blaze erupted in the Pacific Palisades, a coastal area west of  See all the glamorous, bold, and fashion-forward styles from the 2025 Golden Globes red carpet Rolling Stones photographers take you behind-the-scenes and to the front row to see the biggest artists of 2024 up close. Here are our favorite pictures of the year See photos of Katy Perry, Shaboozey, Benson Boone, Twenty One Pilots and more onstage and behind-the-scenes at iHeartRadios Jingle Ball 2024 We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form. Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation.  2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.

By Natalie Keyssar I met Karina on a sunny hillside in Eternal Glory Park in central Kyiv last April. The spring tulips and cherry blossoms that line the park were in full bloom. Ukraines omnipresent flowers have a rebellious quality during wartime. We sat to talk as the shouting and honking of a nearby protest to free Ukrainian POWs echoed through the park. Karina attends a premedical high school here. She loves synchronized swimming and doing photo shoots for Instagram with her friends. In the early morning of Feb. 24, 2022, when Karinas family first started to hear the rumble of shelling, they decided to leave Kyiv for what they thought would be the relative safety of their home in the northwestern suburb of Hostomel. She spent a harrowing first night in their basement with her cousins, aunt, and mother, explosions closing in, helicopters circling. In the morning, they realized they were in the center of the Russian advance, which first targeted Hostomels airport. Alternating between long nights in the basement and frequent runs for supplies, Karina watched tanks roll down the neighborhood streets. Talk of escape was stifled by the revelation that Ukrainians had blown up most of the nearby bridges to slow Russias advance. Two years later, there were still shrapnel holes in the window of her bedroom, where she takes classes online when she doesnt commute into Kyiv. The family had eventually escaped, spending time in Poland and Slovenia, but Karina, 16, had yearned to be home, and was grateful when they returned Ukraine has my heart. As Russias full-scale invasion of Ukraine enters its fourth year, Ukrainian teens are coming of age amid the drumbeat of death and destruction, a generation forged by war. Misha and Hlib build weapons after school. Dasha teaches medical aid as a volunteer and attends funerals for soldiers and rallies for the release of POWs on weekends. Timofy dreams of being an actor he takes theater classes in a basement and plans to leave the country before hes 18. Other young men are intent on joining the fight. At a leadership program for youth who want to join the military when they are of age, teenage boys were packed into a gymnasium lined with mats and mirrored walls. The room felt warm and damp from body heat. Soldiers barked commands. The young men, ranging in age from around 14 to 17 and carrying rifles, dropped and jumped up and rolled on the floor until some were grunting with effort or collapsed, red-faced and gasping for breath. Their bodies were lean and muscled, grim determination in their clenched jaws. In peacetime, perhaps these boys would be star athletes, or training to work in Ukraines once-burgeoning tech industry. Outside, the boys were climbing and crawling through an agility course when an air-raid siren blared across the campus. Dozens of trainees dropped what they were doing and ran. They would wait in the nearest subway station until the alert was lifted. As we sat in the tunnel, I asked if they are missing out on a normal adolescence. We are losing something, 17-year-old Ygor said. Oleks, 17, finished the thought But we are also gaining something. Of course, if we want to have a good childhood, we can flee to Poland, but it means losing this country. DASHA SPENDS EVERY waking moment trying to help. I dont have time to go to school, she told me. When we met, she was spending a Wednesday volunteering at an organization that provides training in the basics of trauma medicine to civilians. Her plan for her upcoming 17th birthday was to teach a course in stopping massive bleeds and then drink kombucha with colleagues at the center. Two days later, while photographing Dasha at the funeral of a fallen soldier, I saw a young woman weaving with her camera through the packed crowd of mourners. She worked silently and confidently amid a pushy crowd of older male photographers. I wondered who this very young talent was. Later that day, at a democracy-themed high school in Kyivs artsy Podil district, I immediately recognized her among the students. Anna, 18, wears blue mascara and baggy jeans. She spoke perfect English after a massive attack on Kyiv on Oct. 10, 2022, her parents sent her to do a year of high school with family friends in suburban New York. While she found it interesting, it was excruciating for her to be away from her family while they could be in danger. She was relieved when they allowed her to come back to Kyiv to finish her senior year. In her spare time, Anna raises money for equipment for the armed forces, and she has been learning how to shoot a rifle with friends. On weekends, she helps with construction projects in the northern suburbs, and works with fellow students on a community therapy garden for soldiers with PTSD. Its important to help people clean up and rebuild, she says, because you never know when it could be your house. Misha, Oksana, Anna, and Hlib from left spend their free time volunteering to support the war effort. If I want to change something, Anna says, I have to do something to change it. This project was supported by the Pulitzer Center on Crisis Reporting. Produced by Rita Burkovska. We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form. Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation.  2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.

By Miles Klee Accused rapist and sex trafficker Andrew Tate and his brother Tristan are under criminal investigation in Florida, according to the states Attorney General James Uthmeier, after the pair arrived in Fort Lauderdale last week. These guys have themselves publicly admitted to participating in what very much appears to be soliciting, trafficking, preying upon women around the world, Uthmeier told a reporter on Tuesday, noting that some of the Tates accusers have been minors. People can spin it however they want, he said. In Florida, this type of behavior is viewed as atrocious. The Tates, far-right manosphere influencers who face criminal charges related to an alleged human trafficking operation in Romania as well as potential extradition to the U.K. they have denied all allegations, had been allowed to leave Europe and fly to the U.S. five days ago. This was reportedly thanks to the efforts of a Trump envoy, Richard Grenell, who negotiated with the Romanian government to lift travel restrictions on the siblings  outspoken supporters of the president  despite an active prosecution against them in the country. Trump has denied having any knowledge of the circumstances of the Tates newfound freedom of movement. To the apparent displeasure of Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis, the Tates chose to return to his state. They have dual citizenship in the U.S. and U.K. Last Thursday, in a press conference, the governor claimed he had no prior knowledge of the brothers arrival and had learned about it through the media. Florida is not a place where youre welcome with that type of conduct, he said, alluding to the various allegations and charges against the Tates. DeSantis added that Uthmeier was exploring legal options to deal with their unexpected presence. The attorney general also announced that he had opened a preliminary inquiry. The Tates prominent allies in MAGA world blasted DeSantis for the aforementioned response, saying the self-styled alpha male figures were being unfairly targeted, though other conservative commentators argued that the brothers were unfit ambassadors for right-wing ideology. The two brothers then seemed to resume life as usual, on Tuesday releasing an installment of their Tate Confidential video series that depicted them relaxing around a pool at a luxury property. First day of Freedom in Miami, Andrew Tate wrote in an X post where he shared the footage. Editors picks The 100 Best TV Episodes of All Time The 250 Greatest Albums of the 21st Century So Far The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time The 200 Greatest Singers of All Time Less than an hour later, he was denouncing the Florida investigation. Absolute communism, he wrote in another post. I am super disappointed in the United States. This isnt the America I know. This is a sad sad day for America. Trying to find crimes on an innocent man. Tristan Tate wrote, in his own X post, Letitia James is after me, making a cryptic reference to the attorney general of New York. James has not as yet announced any action against the Tates. While the nature of Uthmeiers criminal probe is not yet clear, the brothers are presently in a legal battle with an American woman who sued them in Palm Beach County, Florida, last month. Identified as Jane Doe in court documents, she has alleged that the Tates attempted to pull her into a webcam sex trafficking scheme. The brothers sued her for defamation in 2023 after she provided testimony to Romanian authorities. Her countersuit alleges they defamed her, while her attorney, Dani Pinter, said she has been relentlessly harassed, threatened, and sued for merely cooperating with law enforcement in Romania. The civil suit is the first against the brothers in the U.S. Just before landing in Florida, the Tates filed for a temporary restraining order against Doe, citing text messages that allegedly demonstrate credible threats of violence, intimidation or harm. Pinter said that Doe had requested to pause her lawsuit after the brothers reentered the U.S., but the court denied the motion. Uthmeier was emphatic in his remarks Tuesday about going after the Tates. Were not going to accept it, he said of their alleged crimes. They chose to come here and set their feet down in this state, and were going to pursue every tool we have within our legal authority to hold them accountable. Andrew Tate, meanwhile, continued to profess his innocence, comparing himself to the man who reportedly aided his escape from Romania in the first place. I didnt commit any crime and theyre trying to find one because they dont like me, he wrote on X. This is exactly what they did to president Trump. We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form. Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation.  2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.

By John Lonsdale If you purchase an independently reviewed product or service through a link on our website, Rolling Stone may receive an affiliate commission. The year is 1995 and there you are, standing in the studio with Radiohead somewhere in the Netherlands, rugs underneath your feet. Okay, Thom Yorke says into the mic, Im ready, then strums the first chords of a song called High and Dry. This scene marks one of several intimate moments that transports you to the heart of rock  roll history, as part of Rolling Stone Presents Amplified, The Immersive Rock Experience, a new show heading to Las Vegas this year. Amplified officially kicks off on March 12, exclusively at Illuminarium Las Vegas at AREA15. Narrated by musician and Golden Globe winner Kevin Bacon, the immersive show is unlike anything else in Vegas. Amplified takes fans on a tour through rock history with floor-to-ceiling live video performances and iconic photographs from some of musics most legendary acts like The Who, The Beatles, The Grateful Dead, Blondie, Tina Turner, Bruce Springsteen, Stevie Wonder, Chappell Roan, Janis Joplin, Bob Marley, Green Day, Sinead OConnor, and hundreds more, along with photographers like Mark Seliger, Lynn Goldsmith, and Danny Clinch. Whats it like when youre there? Think of Amplified like a hypnotic rock show, complete with everything from 4K laser projections to a three-dimensional audio soundtrack. In other words, its going to be a hell of a show, tailor-made for any rock fan. Heres everything to know about getting tickets to Rolling Stone Presents Amplified, The Immersive Rock Experience for your next trip to Sin City. Tickets for Amplified, The Immersive Rock Experience show go on sale Feb. 18. Rolling Stone readers have exclusive access to purchase tickets using the code AMPEDSTONE for 24 hours on Showclix. After the 24-hour window, tickets to the show officially open to the public. Music imagery is about experiences, says Jodi Peckman, Amplifieds executive producer and former Rolling Stone creative director. Its about the unbridled joy of concerts and our connection to our favorite artists. Every picture tells a story and Rolling Stone Presents Amplified has hundreds of stories to tell. Fans will get the chance to experience eight different chapters during the show from some of rocks most groundbreaking moments think cars, fashion, and, of course, making it on the cover of Rolling Stone. All of us at Rolling Stone are proud to partner with Illuminarium and a renown creative team to present Amplified, a powerful story of rock n roll  one that echoes our own history and complements our desire to preserve rock n rolls legacy as a vibrant, ever-present art form, says Gus Wenner, Chief Executive Officer of Rolling Stone. Amplified offers a uniquely immersive and transformative experience of sight, sound, and motion. Tickets for Rolling Stone Presents Amplified, The Immersive Rock Experience are now on sale, starting at 40 on Showclix, with shows every day of the week. We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form. Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation.  2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.

You dont need a wish list to find the perfect gift for the most important people in your life this season. Thats where our product editors come in. From stocking stuffers for music fans to luxury Christmas presents for your partner, we found the best gift ideas for every occasion, no matter your budget. Cutting it close to Feb. 14? These gift ideas should arrive just in time to save the day Short on time or wrapping paper? Consider one of these thoughtful digital gifts for your Valentine Whether youre shopping for Valentines Day, or someone in need of a pick-me-up, ordering a thoughtful bouquet is just a click away Ditch the generic flowers and chocolates for something that says, I love you and I know how to make you happy, too From country-western styles, to official merchandise from the Renaissance tour, these products will satisfy anyone whos had her latest album on repeat Whether youre treating your most overwhelmed pal or yourself, maximum relaxation is just a squeeze, whiff, or sip away Shoppers are taking advantage of new Amazon deals to stock up on these popular gifting items Avoid that awkward regifting situation and get them a gift card that they can redeem for something theyll actually want From monthly vinyl picks, to virtual wine tastings, these creative gift ideas can all be sent electronically but will feel like you shopped for hours These gifts let you deliver something useful, nostalgic or fun without breaking the bank We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form. Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation.  2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.

