Bill McKibben. StoryWorkz Activist Bill McKibben says Americans upset by the Trump administrations gutting of U.S. climate efforts need to move beyond despair. In an interview with e360, he talks about rethinking the role of protest, the global push on clean energy, and why he sees reason for hope. By Elizabeth Kolbert  March 3, 2025 In the first six weeks of the new Trump administration, its become clear that the president intends to undo not just Joe Bidens environmental legacy, but an entire generations worth of action on climate change. The administration has announced it is withdrawing from the Paris Agreement. It has frozen Inflation Reduction Act grants, stopped issuing permits for offshore wind development, and declared an energy emergency to boost fossil fuel production. The White House appears to be preparing to go after the Environmental Protection Agencys 2009 endangerment finding, which undergirds EPA regulations on greenhouse gas emissions, while cutting EPA spending by 65 percent. How should environmentalists respond? Activist and author Bill McKibben has been a leading voice on climate change since 1989, when he published The End of Nature, the first book on the subject aimed at a general audience. McKibben spoke to e360 contributing writer Elizabeth Kolbert about the urgency of the moment, the role of protest, the future of clean energy, and where he sees glimmers of hope. Elizabeth Kolbert If you care about the future of the planet, what do you do at a time like this? Bill McKibben I think its fair to despair a little bit. I mean, we should acknowledge what a remarkable moment it is that the government of the most powerful country on Earth, at least for the moment, is rejecting flat-out the science thats been developed over many decades, often by scientists working for the government, about the single most dangerous thing thats ever happened in human history. And the level of irresponsibility, indeed just craziness, is off the charts. President Donald Trump signing an executive order on February 3, 2025. Evan Vucci  AP Photo The Inflation Reduction Act the Biden administrations signature climate law represented the first significant act by the U.S. Congress to deal with climate science. It was a far from perfect bill, but powerful in many ways. So powerful that the fossil fuel industry needed to do what it could to shut it down and to shut down the energy transition to the extent that it could. And hence, the oil industry spent unprecedented sums of money  the number I saw most recently was 455 million  on the last election cycle. Id say the two slight saving graces are, one, as the U.S. retreats from leadership here, there are others, especially the Chinese, who have been stepping up to fill this vacuum. I have a lot of problems with the Chinese government and dont particularly look forward to their hegemony. But on issues around energy, theyve been more responsible than we have and built out most of the worlds clean energy at this point. And the second saving grace is that though they can delay this energy transition, they cant stop it. Its rooted in the simple fact that we now live on a planet, as of the last three or four years, where the cheapest way to produce energy is to point a sheet of glass at the sun. And that wont change. So, Americans may be denied some of the fruits of that technological revolution, and it will be delayed in ways that make the climate crisis far worse, but its not as if the Trump administration has complete control of this situation. Kolbert The moratorium that the Biden administration put on export permits for liquefied natural gas was a big climate win. You were very much a part of that. But now Trump seems to be using the threat of tariffs to get countries to increase their liquefied gas imports from the U.S. McKibben This scares me a ton. Its one thing for us to derail our own energy future, and its another to try and derail everybody else with what is essentially a shakedown. My guess is that itll work in the short run, and itll backfire in the long run. Europeans have figured out in the wake of the invasion of Ukraine that it was foolish to be dependent on the good graces of Vladimir Putin for their energy supply. Anyone who puts themselves more under the thumb of Donald Trump than they need to is a fool. Kolbert Youve indicated you are worried about civil disobedience as a form of climate activism, because instead of looking at a night in jail, people might now be looking at a year or more of jail, as some activists in the U.K. have gotten. McKibben I think that we need to continue to use all the tools that we have, and we will. But I do think that at the moment civil disobedience of the sort that weve been doing a lot of in recent years is unlikely to be particularly effective. I think that the Trump-MAGA world welcomes resistance of that kind. They like those kinds of fights. It energizes them. Theyre cruel, and cruelty really is their kink in a lot of ways. Were gearing up to do this big national day of action in September. Its called Sun Day. I think its going to be a huge celebration of possibility. And I think that thats more dangerous right now to the MAGA agenda. They depend on people staying in a fearful crouch, convinced that whatever they have is under threat from somebody. And the idea of Sun Day, instead, is that were on the edge of this extraordinary possibility for solar. Im excited about figuring out how we do huge parades of e-bikes, and inaugurate dozens of community solar farms, and have thousands of Americans opening their homes so their neighbors can see their heat pumps. And get millions of people who already have solar panels to put a green light in the window that night to tell everybody that theyre powered by the sun. I sense in everyones despair and upset  all of which is completely justified and correct  a sort of hunger for some kind of joyful possibility, for something to rally around as well as stuff to rally against. A solar plant built in the Navajo Nation, Kayenta, Arizona. Brandon Bell  Getty Images Kolbert The Inflation Reduction Act put billions of dollars towards clean energy manufacturing. So far something like 80 percent of the manufacturing investments spurred on by the law have gone to red states. Do you see any payoff for that with support for clean energy in those states? McKibben I dont know. The laws of normal political gravity in America dont seem to be operating. Thats why were doing the Sun Day thing. We need to build again, and maybe from the ground up, a real constituency demanding action. And its got to include workers at that factory. Its got to include solar panel installers. Its got to include local officials who would like to keep energy money close to home instead of sending it off to Saudi Arabia. Can support for clean energy withstand changing political winds? Read more. Kolbert Theres some hope that climate action will continue at the state and local level. Do you see that happening? McKibben There are lots and lots of things that localities can do to make things much easier. For example, it costs about three times as much to put solar on your roof in this country as it does in Europe or Australia. The panels are the same price. The soft costs, which are mostly around permitting and marketing, are much, much higher because we have this endless welter of regulations that gets in the way of what should be a very simple act just giving someone a permit, if they should even require one, to put a solar panel, a safe thing, on their roof. And so those are the kinds of barriers that we can continue to knock away in blue states and blue cities and really in some red states. Last year in Germany, a million and a half people put solar panels on their balconies of their apartments. And in many cases, those were supplying 20 percent of the electricity they used. You cant do that in this country. You cant go to IKEA the way you can in Germany and just buy a solar panel and hang it from your balcony and plug it in. Its illegal. And those are the kind of things that can and should shift. Kolbert One of the things that the new administration really has taken a sledgehammer to is every environmental justice program. McKibben Environmental justice manages to combine the things they hate most in the world clean energy and sensitivity to American history. Its truly terrible. Just in terms of sheer honesty, we need to keep reckoning with the fact that the people whove done the least to cause the problems that we face suffer the most from them, here and around the world. And because these are people who are paying a huge percentage of their income for energy, in a rational world, thats where wed be concentrating this stuff first. Kolbert We also seem to be looking at the government potentially not doing any climate research under Trump. McKibben At this point well be very lucky if we keep operating the observatory at Mauna Loa in Hawaii, which measures global carbon dioxide levels. It has provided the single most important scientific instrument in the history of the world. But if theres any good news in this, its that most of the really crucial science has been done. Its certainly a kick in the teeth to watch whats going to happen at NOAA and every place else. But my prediction is that the Chinese will pick up a lot of this slack, because theyve understood that this is their ticket to some kind of moral high ground on this planet. Solar panels hang from balconies in Berlin, Germany. Imago  Alamy Kolbert The U.S. has always had an uneven role in global climate negotiations, waffling in and out. But this time it feels different. McKibben You can make an argument that it might not be the worst thing in the world to have the U.S. out of the way, because were the reason that Kyoto didnt work, were a big part of the reason that Copenhagen didnt work, just on and on and on. And thats a kick in the teeth because America is really where we learned about the climate crisis  it was from great research. And America is where the first wind turbine and the first solar cells and other key things came from. But, as I say, the slight silver lining to that cloud is weve been in many ways a stumbling block as much as a boost to getting anything done. Kolbert Im wondering if you are feeling at all hopeful right now. McKibben In a world where there are a lot of bad things going on, the one overwhelming good thing is this sudden emergence of this possibility of clean energy a possibility that I think most people havent fully recognized yet. Even those of us who want it still refer to it as alternative energy, and thats no longer the truth. Its not the Whole Foods of energy, pricey and a bit nice. Its the Costco of energy cheap, available in bulk on the shelf, ready to go. Our species is now fully capable, in short order, of moving from an energy source thats concentrated in a few hands in a few places to one thats diffuse and ubiquitous, available everywhere. And I think thats the most subversive and liberating possibility that we really have at the moment on this planet. And in the places that have started to do the work, we get the sense of whats possible. Kolbert What are some of those places? McKibben California last year used 25 percent less natural gas than it did the year before to generate electricity. They reached a tipping point. They have enough batteries and enough solar panels out there that day after day theyre supplying more than 100 percent of their electricity renewably. And Texas is now putting up clean energy faster than California. As drought shrivels hydro, this African nation pivots to solar. Read more. Pakistanis over the last three years imported enough solar panels to build out the equivalent of half their national electric grid. Truly amazing what happened inside of 12 months just because they had access to a lot of cheap Chinese solar panels. The same thing seems to be happening in parts of southern Africa. And so those numbers  25 percent less fossil fuel in a year  those are numbers big enough to take a bite out of the 3 degrees Celsius of warming that were aimed at right now. And I think this is the only way forward. I do not think humans are going to change their behaviors in large numbers in short order in ways that will reduce our emissions. I think this is the path. Elizabeth Kolbert is a regular contributor to Yale Environment 360 and has been a staff writer for the New Yorker since 1999. She won the 2015 Pulitzer Prize for general nonfiction for The Sixth Extinction An Unnatural History, which was based in part on reporting she did for Yale Environment 360. Her latest book is Under a White Sky The Nature of the Future. More about Elizabeth Kolbert  Never miss an article. Subscribe to the E360 Newsletter  By Jim Robbins By Ed Struzik By Christian Schwägerl

In Way of the Shepherd  the First-Place Winner of the 2024 Yale Environment 360 Film Contest  filmmaker Matthew Boyd follows a Peruvian shepherd, two tenacious border collies, and a herd of goats that are reducing overgrowth on the fire-prone Berkeley Hills. August 29, 2024 2024 Yale Environment 360 Film Contest Christian Cordova Aliaga, a shepherd from Peru, spends his days trailing and tending a flock of about 150 goats in Californias East Bay. Employed by Goats R Us, a local ranch, he moves the animals every few days to overgrown meadows, grasslands, and forests near homes, schools, and other buildings that are vulnerable to wildfire. Targeted grazing is a tradition that goes back centuries, and Aliaga  whose earnings support his wife and three children in Peru  learned at a young age how to care for animals from his parents and grandparents. This was passed down through generations, he says. Unlike thinning with machinery, Aliagas goats dont spill oil, spark fires, or disturb the soil. This is more natural, he says, and at the same time they are fertilizing the land. The goats are particularly keen to eat the leaves of poison oak and French broom, which are difficult to remove by hand. Filmmaker Matthew Boyd followed Aliaga, who works alone except for two border collies, during the dry summer grazing seasons between 2020 and 2022. What did Boyd hope his audience would take away from his lyrical, contemplative film? I wanted to give viewers a glimpse into a simpler, old-world way of living  in nature, alone with the animals. And with fire season starting ever earlier in the West, he added, it was important for him to demonstrate environmentally sound methods of mitigating wildfires in a land so consistently devastated by them. About the Filmmaker Matthew Boyd is an award-winning cinematographer and director based in Oakland, California, working in feature film, short film, documentary, and television. His work has been featured on Netflix, HBO Documentary Films, Showtime, theatrically, and in film festivals worldwide. He is currently in production on Barren Grounds, his feature-length directorial debut. About the Contest Now in its 11th season, the Yale Environment 360 Film Contest honors the years best environmental documentaries, with the aim of recognizing work that has not previously been widely seen. This year we received 714 submissions from 91 countries across six continents, with the winners selected by Pulitzer Prize-winning author Elizabeth Kolbert, Academy Award-winning documentary filmmaker Thomas Lennon, and e360s executive editor Roger Cohn. Never miss an article. Subscribe to the E360 Newsletter

Researchers Liam Lachs and Adriana Humanes of Coralassist study selectively bred corals growing at an ocean nursery. James Guest Around the world, researchers are working on a range of projects that aim to enhance corals resistance to marine heat waves. In a promising sign, a U.K. team recently became the first to quantify an uptick in heat tolerance among adult corals selectively bred for the trait. By Sofia Quaglia  November 14, 2024 After seven years of experimentation, a team of researchers at the Coralassist Lab at Newcastle University, in the United Kingdom, finally achieved its goals. Through selective breeding, they had for the first time ever produced adult corals capable of resisting marine heat waves  a potentially useful trait in an ever-warming world. Their work, published in October in Nature Communications, showed that corals can become better adapted to warming within a single generation. The rise in tolerance that they achieved was not large compared with how fast the ocean is warming. But its not an inconsequential jump, says Stephen Palumbi, a marine biologist at Stanford University who also works on heat tolerance in corals but was not involved in this study. Its not a small benefit. The Coralassist Lab lab is one of several coral restoration projects worldwide that are looking for ways to help corals acclimatize to increasingly common heat waves through assisted evolution  the practice of using human interventions to amp up natural processes. Some scientists are helping corals evolve more quickly by lab-breeding the symbiotic organisms that live inside them to be heat resistant. Others are gardening coral reefs in the wild so heat-resistant species can find each other and mate more easily. The field has been growing over the past 10 years. But big questions remain about whether scientists can identify the various genes linked with heat resistance, whether its logistically possible to scale up these assisted evolution efforts, and whether they will make a difference, considering the pace of global warming. Coral reefs are some of the most vulnerable ecosystems on the planet, susceptible to pollution, ocean acidification, and overfishing. And as marine heat waves become stronger and more frequent, they are increasingly driving corals to expel their resident microalgae, which provide them with essential nutrients. Without their algae, corals can lose their vibrant colors, a phenomenon called bleaching, and starve to death. Subscribe to the E360 Newsletter for weekly updates delivered to your inbox. Sign Up. The worlds corals, from the Caribbean to the Indian Ocean, are currently undergoing their fourth mass bleaching since 1998. That event killed about 8 percent of the worlds coral, and between 2009 and 2018 about 14 percent of the worlds remaining corals  about 4,500 square kilometers of them  were wiped out too, predominantly by heat. The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change projects that even if global warming is limited to 1.5 degrees Celsius, the Paris Agreement goal, coral reefs will decline by 70 to 90 percent by 2100. Working off previous studies that established that some corals naturally withstand heat better than others, the Coralassist team began its project by systematically mapping and heat testing 100 Acropora digitifera coral colonies in the highly diverse reefs of Palau, in the western Pacific Ocean. They exposed fragments from each colony to a temperature stress challenge in a laboratory tank that emulated the duration and intensity of marine heat waves. One group spent 10 days in water that gradually warmed by 3.5 degrees C another group spent a month in water warmed by 2.5 degrees C. Corals grown at the Australian Institute of Marine Science release pink bundles containing both eggs and sperm. Marie Roman  Australian Institute of Marine Science The team then selected the top and bottom performers and started matchmaking. Those with high heat tolerance would mingle their eggs and sperm together. Low-tolerance corals were similarly paired, and some couples were a mix of both. The resulting larvae, after attaching to ceramic tiles, were moved to nursery tanks on a local reef, where they grew for three to four years. At the end of their study, the team found that the heritability of heat tolerance was between 0.2 and 0.3 on a scale of 0 to 1, indicating that about a quarter of the variability in offspring heat tolerance was due to genes passed from their parents, the authors wrote. The response is not completely genetically driven, the environment also has some influence, says Adriana Humanes, a marine ecologist in the Coralassist Lab. But you have a huge component of the genetics that is influencing the response to the heat stress. In their trials, the tolerance of adult offspring of high-heat-tolerant parents was increased through breeding by almost 1 degree-heating week, a metric that refers to how much heat stress has accumulated in an area over the previous 12 weeks, compared to the corals with low-heat-tolerance parents. The study serves as proof of concept that selective breeding can boost heat tolerance in just one generation and endure into adulthood. While the experiment showed there is scope for breeding, the improvement in heat resistance was still pretty modest compared to climate change, says Liam Lachs, an ecologist from the Coralassist lab who ran the teams statistical calculations. This year Palaus waters warmed at 10 degree-heating weeks, and the Caribbean hit 20 degree-heating weeks. In addition, the corals that were more heat resistant to short zaps of heat didnt do as well under longer-term exposure to heat, indicating that different genes might be responsible for resistance to different durations of heat. Coral researchers know that there is no single gene that confers heat resistance on corals Its a very complex trait encoded by many genes, says Annika Lamb, who runs a similar project with corals from the Great Barrier Reef at the Australian Institute of Marine Science AIMS. Her lab is also trying to selectively breed heat-resistant corals, but shes using a faster method  applying a quick heat zap  as well as focusing on breeding corals from different species in the hopes of making sturdier hybrids. Breeding efforts must also take into consideration tradeoffs. The genes that make a coral more tolerant to heat might also make it less tolerant to disease, less fertile, less resistant to storms or cold, and slower growing, says Lamb. Given these considerations, her team is also selectively breeding just the microalgae that live inside corals, which are to a large extent responsible for the actual temperature tolerance of a coral colony, says Madeleine van Oppen, head of AIMS coral assisted-evolution project. Bleached corals along the Society Islands in French Polynesia, May 2019. Alexis Rosenfeld  Getty Images Van Oppen has been selecting an array of microalgae from coral around the Great Barrier Reef, bolstering their heat tolerance by exposing multiple generations, over the course of 10 years, to elevated temperatures in a lab, and then reintroducing them into chemically bleached adult coral fragments. Assisting evolution How far should we go to help species adapt? Read more. After initial lab tests, van Oppen started a trial on an inshore reef of the Great Barrier Reef. The results so far have been really promising, she says. During last summers heat wave the corals inoculated with heat-evolved microalgae paled less and photosynthesized better than corals with closely related microalgae that hadnt been boosted for heat tolerance. But there are still questions about whether the microalgae will spread and stay healthy, and whether there are factors in the wild that havent yet been taken into account. This is a very young field, says van Oppen. Its not surprising that theres a lot of unknown still. For instance, studies show that corals reared in labs often have weakened skeletons. This suggests they could be compromised once planted in ocean waters, says Terry Hughes, director of the Centre of Excellence for Coral Reef Studies in Australia. Despite long-standing claims that heat-tolerant super-corals can be bred in the laboratory and used to re-populate reefs, we still dont actually know if thats true, he says, noting that adding artificially bred corals to the wild gene pool is unlikely to make a significant difference except in extreme circumstances, as natural selection is already changing the mix of coral species on reefs. Corals are always complicated. Theyre always doing something unexpected, says Stanfords Palumbi, whose lab is identifying heat-resistant corals in the wild and then running what he calls common gardening experiments on them. These corals have been evolving tolerance to changing conditions for hundreds of thousands of years. Theyre already out there, says Palumbi, who also works in Palau, among other places. By collecting thousands of coral fragments from different reefs, testing them for resistance to a heat zap, and then moving the more heat-tolerant species and colonies to human-made reefs on metal frames, his team is giving them a chance to breed with a broader gene pool. Preliminary findings from these tests, says Palumbi, suggest their offspring are similar in heat tolerance to Coralassists 1 degree-heating week corals. Were basically pursuing two pretty different but very parallel and complementary ways of looking at the same question, says Palumbi. But the new paper by the Coralassist team is the first to quantify an uptick in heat tolerance. That number is something that really hasnt appeared in any other paper so far, he says. Still, the practical difficulties and costs of coral husbandry shouldnt be overlooked, says Hughes, and coral reef restoration is far more expensive than restoring seagrasses or mangroves. A million newly settled corals might sound like a lot, but in reality its a drop in the ocean, says Hughes, who notes that the total area of reef worldwide currently occupied by laboratory-reared corals is a handful of square meters. Microalgae bred to tolerate heat are applied to young corals grown at a lab of the Australian Institute of Marine Science in Townsville, Australia. Giacomo dOrlando The most we can do in terms of reef restoration will always be very small in scale relative to the area to be covered, says Christopher Jury, a reef ecologist at the University of Hawaii at Mānoa. But recovering reefs the whole world over was never the goal, he says. Restoration efforts can protect small areas intended to provide seed material which, through normal reproduction, larval dispersal, and settlement on the seafloor, can foster the rejuvenation of reefs elsewhere. Of course, substantial climate change mitigation is a prerequisite if any of these other strategies are going to work to preserve reefs, he says, and breeding efforts are just meant to buy coral communities some extra time. The fact that coral abundance has plummeted due to climate change doesnt negate the fact that rapid evolution is already happening naturally in some surviving coral populations. When Jurys team semi-enclosed a naturally occurring coral reef community off Oahu and, for two years, subjected it to a combination of 2 degrees C warming and -0.2 pH units of acidification  akin to what oceans will experience with current rates of global warming  the communities shifted and changed while maintaining high rates of biodiversity. The corals recruited a diverse assemblage of algae, invertebrates, and microbes that helped them withstand the heat. So there is hope. Finding bright spots in the global coral reef catastrophe. Read more. Ultimately, the data gathered from all the experiments underway can help researchers improve their models of how corals will fare under global warming, says James Guest, the researcher who led the Coralassist Lab work. That team recently plugged their data from years of breeding experiments into computer models that will provide guidance on where and when interventions will be necessary and effective under various climate change scenarios. This work is forthcoming in Science. There will be some instances where its better just to leave the corals to their devices, says Guest. Its just keeping a really open mind and constantly being prepared to update the advice based on new research. Sofia Quaglia is a journalist covering science and nature for publications including The Guardian, New Scientist, The New York Times, and National Geographic. In 2023, she was honored for excellence in science communications by the National Academy of Sciences. More about Sofia Quaglia  Never miss an article. Subscribe to the E360 Newsletter  By Ed Struzik By Andrew S. Lewis By Nicola Jones

A branch of Blutaparon rigidum, collected on a 1905-1906 expedition to the Galapagos Islands, contains hundreds of potentially viable seeds. New York Botanical Garden Armed with new technology, botanists are proposing what was once thought impractical reviving long-lost plant species by using seeds from dried specimens in collections. The challenges remain daunting, but researchers are now searching for the best de-extinction candidates. By Janet Marinelli  July 12, 2023 In January 1769, botanists Joseph Banks and Daniel Solander found a daisy in Tierra del Fuego, at the southern tip of South America. Later named Chiliotrichum amelloides, it is one of a thousand plant species unknown to European scientists that the two men collected during Captain Cooks first voyage on the HMS Endeavor, braving treacherous seas and inhospitable landscapes to document every plant they encountered as they circumnavigated the globe. The plant was dried and pressed for future study. Today, the 254-year-old specimen is among the almost 8 million preserved plants in New York Botanical Gardens William  Lynda Steere Herbarium. For nearly five centuries, herbaria have helped botanists identify, name, and classify the worlds floral diversity. Now these vast botanical libraries are being tapped to try to create a new chapter in the 500-million-year history of Earths terrestrial plant life. In Nature Plants in December, an international group of biologists published the first-ever list of globally extinct plants they believe can be returned from the dead, using seeds available in herbarium specimens. Many of these plants are so-called edge species that represent a unique evolutionary lineage that has been lost. When a plant goes extinct, says Giulia Albani Rocchetti, a postdoctoral researcher at Roma Tre University and the lead author of the paper, we dont just lose a species, we lose a member of a habitat community with a specific role and relations with other species we lose millennia of evolution and adaptation we lose genes which could have provided insight into the species and its community and yielded new pharmacological compounds and other products. If the species can be brought back to life, there is a chance that all of that can be recovered. In recent decades, the seeds of rare and imperiled species have been preserved in seed banks at low humidity and temperatures that ease the embryos inside into a kind of state of suspended animation to maximize their longevity. However, species already lost remain only as specimens in the collections of dried and pressed plants known as herbaria, and only in some lucky cases. Herbaria were never designed to prolong life. Only a few of these plants happened to be in fruit and in seed when they were collected. And even when herbarium seeds are discovered, there is no easy way to tell if the embryos inside are dead or lying dormant, waiting to sprout when conditions are right. Subscribe to the E360 Newsletter for weekly updates delivered to your inbox. Sign Up. While herbarium specimens with seeds have been available for centuries, botanists only now are realizing their potential to resurrect life forms believed lost forever. Abby Meyer, executive director of Botanic Gardens Conservation International in the United States, points to the rise in recent decades of the field of bioinformatics, which has transformed the trove of biodiversity information once locked up in natural history collections  such as herbarium specimens of extinct plants that contain seeds  into browsable digital databases. New York Botanical Garden NYBG, for example, began digitizing its herbarium specimens in the mid-1990s, and today some 4 million, or about half of its preserved plants, have been scanned and can now be called up on a computer screen by anyone around the globe. Data aggregators such as the Global Biodiversity Information Facility provide researchers looking for seeds with instant access to millions of scanned specimens, along with associated metadata such as the GPS coordinates where the plants were collected. At the same time, scientists have been refining in vitro embryo rescue techniques, increasing the odds that old or weak seed embryos can grow into viable plants. A technician captures high-resolution images of plant specimens in the New York Botanical Garden Herbarium for use in a searchable database. New York Botanical Garden In the words of McKenna Santiago Coyle, who showcased 16 extinct plants in an online gallery on the NYBG herbarium website, these specimens are remarkable glimpses into the past, capturing a moment before something tragic happened. For example, proposed de-extinction candidate Degeners peperomia, Peperomia degeneri, is an evolutionarily unique member of the pepper family known from a single collection. In 1928, botanist Otto Degener plucked the plant from moist, shaded slopes on the spectacular eastern end of the Hawaiian island Molokai, home of the worlds highest sea cliffs. The species once perched on other plants and derived its moisture and nutrients from the air, rain, or debris that accumulated around it. During the past century, however, the forests of Molokai have been overrun by introduced invasive plants and animals, and the species has never been seen again. While attempts to de-extinct the dodo, the woolly mammoth, and other charismatic megafauna continue to grab headlines, they would result at best in a hybrid, genetically engineered animal  a proxy of an extinct species. By contrast, recovering plants by germinating or tissue-culturing any surviving seeds or spores preserved in herbaria would result in the resurrection of the actual species. But bringing plants like Degeners peperomia back from the dead is a formidable challenge. One of the biggest hurdles is figuring out how to germinate the precious few seeds of often genetically unique plants found only on dried specimens. There is little margin for error, and before attempting to germinate the extinct species itself, scientists must perfect methods for germinating seeds of any closely related species that survive. Should researchers succeed, they will revolutionize plant conservation and demonstrate that, at least for some species, extinction is not forever. In December 2019, Giulia Albani Rocchetti sat in Florences Central Herbarium, marveling over the remains of Ranunculus mutinensis, an endemic buttercup that once grew in moist floodplain forests of the Po River, as it threads through northeastern Italy. I already had a vague idea of how difficult it was to find herbarium specimens with seeds, and how rare and valuable specimens of extinct species were, she recalls. So it was a thrill for her to find not just one but two Ranunculus specimens with numerous mature fruits called achenes. She then spent months at her desk in Rome, blowing up digitized images of extinct plants from herbaria across the globe on her computer screen in the improbable search for seeds. The Phillip Island glory pea, which once grew in Australia, is a leading candidate for de-extinction. Edwardss Botanical Register She was also spurred on by the knowledge that some seeds have the astonishing ability to survive adverse conditions and sprout after decades, even centuries  such as the Judean date palm, which a team of scientists successfully germinated in 2005 from a 2,000-year-old seed. And even though the chance of finding living seeds in herbarium specimens is slim, it is not impossible, given the nearly 400 million plant specimens in 3,000 herbaria worldwide. Albani Rocchetti and colleagues at Roma Tre University began the project by analyzing online databases created by botanists all over the world, generating a diverse list of 361 globally extinct species, spanning 92 families of flowering plants. Scrutinizing digital herbarium specimens by using data aggregators such as the Global Biodiversity Information Facility, they identified 556 specimens that contained seeds, representing 161 of the extinct plant species. Assisting evolution How far should we go to help species adapt? Read more. She and her coauthors proceeded to devise a pioneering roadmap for prioritizing species for de-extinction. Assuming that species whose close kin produce long-lived seeds and newer specimens are the most likely to contain seeds that survive, they combined data on the seed behavior and longevity of closely related plants, as well as the age of each specimen, to create a DEXSCO, or best de-extinction candidate score for each species. Finally, they complemented these scores with a determination of each plants evolutionary distinctiveness. The plants they recommend as candidates for de-extinction are the 50 species with the highest scores. The seed-bearing specimen of a small, grass-like plant called short-fruited spikerush, Eleocharis brachycarpa, was collected almost 190 years ago and is comparatively old for a de-extinction candidate. But the species, which was reported only from marshes in Texas and the neighboring Mexican state of Tamaulipas, scores high on evolutionary distinctiveness. Unlike fellow members of the sedge family, it had tiny leaves and photosynthesized mostly in its green stems. Streblorrhiza speciosa, a spectacular member of the pea family, was another marvel of evolution, so unique that it is considered the only member of its genus, or closely related group of plants. The species striking cascades of pink blossoms clambered exuberantly over trees on Phillip Island in the Pacific Ocean east of Brisbane, Australia. Collected in 1804 by Austrian botanist Ferdinand Bauer, the Phillip Island glory pea was an instant hit in Europe, coveted by every wealthy family with a conservatory. Meanwhile, however, Phillip Island was being overrun by pigs, goats, and rabbits introduced by British officers overseeing a nearby penal settlement, leaving barely a scrap of the remote islands unique vegetation, and the glory pea was never seen in the wild again. But the plant, which proved difficult to grow in pots without its native rich volcanic soil, appears to have died out in cultivation before 1850 in Europe. The glory pea is now presumed extinct, but at number three is near the top of the list of recommended de-extinction candidates. Nicole Tarnowsky removes the folder containing Mangarevan chaff flower, Achyranthes mangarevica, from a steel cabinet in NYBGs temperature- and humidity-controlled herbarium. As assistant director of the largest herbarium in the Western Hemisphere, she may handle dozens of specimens a day. But this one is different. Its sad. So sad, Tarnowsky says. When it was found in 1934, the small tree with pointed oblong leaves and small, straw-colored blooms crowded on its multi-branched inflorescences was confined to a small fragment of moist forest on the precipitous southern slope of Mount Mokoto on the French Polynesian island of Mangareva. By then, the islands native vegetation already had been decimated by continuous burning and grazing by goats. Specimens of an extinct Mangarevan chaff flower left from French Polynesia and an extinct Degeners peperomia right from Hawaii. New York Botanical Garden Chaff flower seeds on the herbarium specimens, which may or may not be alive, are the only hope for the plants future. The prognosis is iffy. Old seeds from herbaria have been successfully germinated, but there are as yet no documented examples of plant de-extinction using seeds from herbarium specimens. One major complication is that little is known about the habits and preferences of such rare and often genetically unique creatures. In most cases, the only clues about the conditions where they grew are found on each specimens label. Occasionally, a few notes were scrawled on an attached piece of paper by the botanist who collected the plant. This information will be critical for the long, painstaking process of devising protocols for coaxing them to sprout. These are such rare commodities that you cant just throw them in the soil, says Wesley Knapp, chief botanist of NatureServe. For the past couple of years, he has been working with Valerie Pence, director of plant research at the Cincinnati Zoo and Botanical Garden, to attempt to germinate herbarium seeds of a few extinct species, including the blunt-flower rush, Juncus pervetus, which has not been seen in its sole recorded site, a Massachusetts saltmarsh, since 1928. So far, they have not had much luck. Another challenge of plant de-extinction is the lack of financial support for pursuing it. But on the bright side, plant de-extinction has not kicked up the controversy surrounding attempts to resurrect, say, the wooly mammoth or passenger pigeon. For whatever reason, the human brain doesnt seem to be as concerned about plants as about animals, Knapp says. But in this case, were literally just germinating seed. Were not reconstructing a genome. And thats way less intimidating. Everyone can understand that. Yet some scientists have reservations about potential damage that could be caused by extracting seeds from precious herbarium specimens. In a 2021 paper in the journal Taxon, Albani Rochetti and colleagues report on a survey of the botanical community in which most survey respondents said they would permit the collection of a small number of seeds, preferably from duplicate specimens of the candidate species, but would favor stricter controls of others, such as so-called type specimens on which the description and name of a plant species is based. A short walk from the herbarium in the New York Botanical Garden is Brugmansia suaveolens, a shrub or small tree native to Brazil commonly known as angels trumpet or angels tears. It is named after its dazzling foot-long, yellow or white, pendulous, and sweetly fragrant trumpet-shaped flowers. The species is extinct in the wild and is one of at least 39 plants worldwide that endure only in cultivation, one short step from extinction. Genetic bottleneck is one of the largest obstacles for long-term survival of these plants, says Meyer of Botanic Gardens Conservation International. De-extinction has the potential to not only resurrect species long gone but offer much-needed genetic variation for extinct-in-the-wild species, most of which cling precariously to life in extremely small numbers. Barbara Thiers, director of the New York Botanical Garden Herbarium, looks over plant specimens. New York Botanical Garden According to the current best estimate, almost 600 plants have gone extinct globally in the past 250 years  a rate about 500 times greater than the baseline rate at which plants would disappear without human influence. An analysis of plants in North America north of Mexico since European settlement found nearly twice as many had gone extinct, over a larger area, than previously estimated. The actual extinction rate is undoubtedly much higher, the researchers write, since some plants probably disappeared when European settlers moved into new areas, particularly the American West, before botanists could document the species that lived there. The increasing number of scanned and easily accessible herbarium specimens have allowed scientists to better document plant losses. But according to a 2020 study, only about 38 percent of the vascular or higher plant specimens in herbaria are available in digital form much of the rest remains dark data confined to smaller, regional herbaria. Last resort Moving endangered species in order to save them. Read more. As global efforts to digitize specimens continue, and more herbaria enter the world of big data, the number de-extinction candidates will inevitably increase. If researchers prove able to unlock the secrets of long-dormant embryos in herbarium collections, it may truly be possible not only to halt but reverse the rising tide of plant extinction. Janet Marinelli is an award-winning independent journalist who was director of scientific and popular publications at Brooklyn Botanic Garden for 16 years. She has written and edited several books on imperiled species and the efforts to save them. She also covers ecological approaches to creating resilient landscapes and communities. Her articles have appeared in a variety of publications, from The New York Times and Audubon to Landscape Architecture and Kew magazine. More about Janet Marinelli  Never miss an article. Subscribe to the E360 Newsletter  By Fred Pearce By Mary Evelyn Tucker By Ed Struzik

Δ A nonprofit, independent media organization dedicated to telling stories of climate solutions and a just future. Δ Eliseu Cavalcante  Grist This project was supported by the Pulitzer Center, the Data-Driven Reporting Project, and the Bay  Paul Foundation. Editors note Since publication, the Universit... Read more Tristan Ahtone, Robert Lee, Amanda Tachine, An Garagiola, Audrianna Goodwin, Maria Parazo Rose,  Clayton Aldern Indigenous Affairs The only newsroom focused on finding solutions at the intersection of climate and justice. Donate today to help keep Grists site and newsletters free.  1999-2025 Grist Magazine, Inc. All rights reserved. Grist is powered by WordPress VIP. Terms of Use  Privacy Policy

Δ A nonprofit, independent media organization dedicated to telling stories of climate solutions and a just future. Δ This story was originally published by ProPublica. President Donald Trump and Elon Musks efforts to shrink the federal government, launched as the deadly Palisades and Eaton fires burned across Los Angeles, have left the countrys wildland firefighting force unprepared for the rapidly approaching wildfire season. The administration has frozen funds, including money appropriated by Congress, and issued a deluge of orders eliminating federal employees, which has thrown agencies tasked with battling blazes into disarray as individual offices and managers struggle to interpret the directives. The uncertainty has limited training and postponed work to reduce flammable vegetation in areas vulnerable to wildfire. It has also left some firefighters with little choice but to leave the force, their colleagues said. ProPublica spoke to a dozen firefighters and others who assist with the federal wildfire response across the country and across agencies. They described a range of immediate impacts on a workforce that was already stressed by budgetary woes predating the Trump administration. Hiring of some seasonal workers has stalled. Money for partner nonprofits that assist with fuel-reduction projects has been frozen. And crews that had traveled to support prescribed burns in Florida were turned back, while those assisting with wildfire cleanup in California faced confusion over how long they would be allowed to do that work. Grist thanks its sponsors. Become one. To support our nonprofit environmental journalism, please consider disabling your ad-blocker to allow ads on Grist. Heres How Uncertainty is at an all-time high. Morale is at an all-time low, one federal wildland firefighter said. Multiple federal employees asked not to be named because of their fear of retribution from the White House. In two separate lawsuits, judges issued temporary restraining orders against aspects of the White Houses broad freeze of federal spending, although the administration continues arguing that it has the authority to halt the flow of money. Some funding freezes appear to be thawing, but projects and hiring have already been severely impacted. In one case, the freeze to bipartisan infrastructure law and Inflation Reduction Act funding, combined with orders limiting travel by some federal employees, forced the National Park Service to cancel a massive prescribed burn scheduled for January and February in Everglades National Park and Big Cypress National Preserve, ProPublica has confirmed. Prescribed burns help prevent catastrophic wildfires by clearing vegetation that serves as fuel, and the meticulously planned 151,434-acre Florida fire  to cover more than six times the land area of nearby Miami  was also meant to protect a Native American reservation and improve ecological biodiversity. We will be more vulnerable to a catastrophic fire in the future as a result of not being able to do the prescribed burns, a federal firefighter with direct knowledge of the situation said. Grist thanks its sponsors. Become one. To support our nonprofit environmental journalism, please consider disabling your ad-blocker to allow ads on Grist. Heres How The National Park Service gave conflicting explanations for the cancellation, suggesting in a news release that weather was the cause while internally acknowledging it was due to funding, the firefighter said. This comes as the U.S. Forest Service, which employs more than 10,000 firefighters, has been wracked by long-running deficits and a lack of support for the physical and mental health stresses inherent in the job. Federal firefighters told ProPublica they were happy to do a dangerous job, but the administrations actions have added to uncertainty surrounding their often seasonal employment. A spokesperson for the Forest Service said in a statement that a major prescribed burn training program was proceeding as planned and active management, including hazardous fuels reduction and prescribed fires, continue under other funding authorities. The newly confirmed secretary of the U.S. Department of Agriculture will review the remainder of the agencys spending, according to the statement. The Forest Service did not say specifically what funding the agency has available or when the freezes might be lifted. Protecting the people and communities we serve, as well as the infrastructure, businesses, and resources they depend on to grow and thrive, remains a top priority, the statement said. The White House did not respond to a request for comment. The reality is supervisors are guessing how to interpret the White Houses commands, and a huge leadership vacuum has resulted in conflicting orders, according to Ben McLane, captain of a federal handcrew, which constructs the fireline around an active blaze. A national firefighting leadership training program that McLane was set to attend was canceled on short notice, he said. McLane acknowledged that federal firefighting agencies need a major overhaul, noting that his crew was downsized 30 percent by pre-Trump administration cuts. But the current confusion could further impact public safety because of the lack of clear leadership and the disrupted preparations for wildfire season. Wildfire doesnt care about our bureaucratic calendar, McLane said. The threat of wildfire is year-round in the Southeast and spreads west and north as snow melts and temperatures rise. In the West, fire season generally starts in the spring, although climate change has extended the season by more than two months over the past few decades, according to the Department of Agriculture. Preparations for fire season begin each year in the Southeast, where mild winters allow crews to carry out prescribed burns while snow blankets the West. In a typical year, crews fly in from across the country to assist in containing the planned fires and to train for battling wildfires. The Southeast typically accounts for two-thirds of the acreage treated with federal prescribed burns annually, according to data from the Coalition of Prescribed Fire Councils and the National Association of State Foresters. The controlled burns serve several purposes minimizing the size of naturally occurring wildfires by reducing available fuel, promoting biodiversity by creating varied habitat and recycling nutrients into the soil, and providing an opportunity for training in a controlled setting. Any delays this time of year set preparations back, and numerous firefighters raised the alarm about the canceled burn in the Everglades. Crews had arrived for three-week assignments to assist with the burn, which was planned alongside the Miccosukee Tribe of Indians of Florida and was to remove fuel near the Miccosukee Indian Village. The goal, according to a National Park Service press release, was to protect the tribal community from wildfire, enhance landscape resiliency, aid in ecosystem restoration, protect cultural values, and improve firefighter and public safety. But some crews were told to head home early, according to a firefighter with direct knowledge of the situation. We do not have the resources to control this burn, the firefighter said. A National Park Service representative confirmed the burn was canceled but did not answer questions about the reason for the cancellation. Internally, however, the agency acknowledged that gaps in funding and staffing forced it to abandon the plan until at least the next fiscal year. The agency also told staff that congressionally appropriated funds were frozen, some hiring was halted, and overtime was strictly limited, the firefighter said. Prescribed burns across the country that require travel or overtime pay have also been limited. Nonprofits that manage complementary burns, adding to the acreage treated, have also seen their federal funding frozen. And some state agencies have been locked out of these funds. In Montana, for instance, the states Department of Natural Resources and Conservation uses federal grants to assist communities in becoming more resistant to wildfires. That money was recently cut off, according to emails reviewed by ProPublica. The department did not immediately respond to a request for comment. What do they want, more fires? Mary Louise Knapp, a Montana resident who has worked with the department on fire resiliency in her own neighborhood, said of the Trump administration. Any short-term savings from the funding freeze, one federal firefighter said, are likely to be eclipsed by the vast resources needed to combat even larger wildfires. Its always cheaper to do a prescribed burn, the firefighter said. Even before Trumps second inauguration, the federal firefighting force faced severe challenges. The Government Accountability Office, in a 2023 study, found that low pay, which does not reflect the risk or physical demands of the work, made hiring and retaining firefighters difficult. The study also pointed to well-documented mental health and work-life balance issues across the Forest Service and the four agencies within the U.S. Department of the Interior that constitute the then-18,700-person strong force. Then came the Forest Services attempts last year to close a budget shortfall worth hundreds of millions of dollars. The agency stopped hiring seasonal workers outside the fire program. The realitys setting in  they still dont have the budget under control, one Forest Service firefighter said. Even though firefighting positions were exempted, personnel who do other jobs often assist with fires. And a lack of support staff could force firefighters to do additional work such as maintaining recreational trails, taking them away from fire-related duties. Much of the force is hired seasonally or switches between crews and agencies at different times of the year. But the increased uncertainty has prompted once-reliable seasonal hires to take other jobs that offer more stability. Were the only ones left, the Forest Service firefighter said of the hiring freezes. In early February, Senator Tim Sheehy, a Montana Republican, and Senator Alex Padilla, a California Democrat, introduced legislation to create a new, unified firefighting agency. All this comes as wildfires are growing larger and more catastrophic. The area of land burned annually over the past decade was 43 percent larger than the average since the federal government began tracking it in 1983, according to data from the National Interagency Coordination Center. The bureaucratic turbulence will have long-term consequences for the force and for communities in fire-prone areas, firefighters said. One federal employee involved in training programs likened the federal funding freeze during the prime training season to a massive sledgehammer hitting the force. The firefighter painted a stark picture of the harm instructors quitting, workers in the dark about whether they can travel to receive instruction, and leadership positions potentially remaining vacant as firefighters, who lack required training, are unable to qualify for promotions. Any pause in a training system like this can have long, snowballing effects, they said. Additionally, the workforce has been stressed by Trumps executive orders calling for programs relating to the topics of diversity, equity, and inclusion to be shuttered, including employee support groups and seminars on topics such as women in the wildfire community. Government websites have already been scrubbed of information lauding progress in diversifying the male-dominated federal firefighting force, ProPublica found. Workers who deal with the aftermath of wildfires are also under pressure. In Southern California, the Environmental Protection Agency has more than 1,500 employees and contractors working to clean up toxic pollution released by the Palisades and Eaton fires. There, too, the Trump administrations orders have caused confusion, particularly a decree that the effort must be completed within a 30-day window. That timeline is unprecedented, EPA staff on the ground told ProPublica, and has led to logistical headaches and an inability to gather community input on how to best approach the cleanup. Were doing as much as we can, but were down to the wire already, an EPA employee working on the response said. The agency had completed hazardous material removal at more than 4,600 properties as of Wednesday, according to a statement from Molly Vaseliou, an EPA spokesperson. EPA is on track to meet President Trumps ambitious cleanup timeline, she said. As Trump has signed more executive orders aimed at shrinking the federal workforce, firefighters voiced concern about their long-term ability to do their jobs. On February 11, a Trump order demanded agencies only hire 1 replacement for every 4 people who leave the government. Firefighters in multiple divisions said they had asked whether their jobs were protected by an exemption for public safety but received no clear answer. The 2 million federal employees are seen as the boogeyman, and were really not, said Kelly Martin, the former chief of fire and aviation at Yosemite National Park. Its had a really devastating impact on morale for the federal employees that have committed their lives and moved their families into rural communities. Now, theyre finding, I may not have a job. A message from Grist is the only award-winning newsroom focused on exploring equitable solutions to climate change. Its vital reporting made entirely possible by loyal readers like you. At Grist, we dont believe in paywalls. Instead, we rely on our readers to pitch in what they can so that we can continue bringing you our solution-based climate news. Grist is the only award-winning newsroom focused on exploring equitable solutions to climate change. Its vital reporting made entirely possible by loyal readers like you. At Grist, we dont believe in paywalls. Instead, we rely on our readers to pitch in what they can so that we can continue bringing you our solution-based climate news. Grist thanks its sponsors. Become one. Grist thanks its sponsors. Become one. To support our nonprofit environmental journalism, please consider disabling your ad-blocker to allow ads on Grist. Heres How The only newsroom focused on finding solutions at the intersection of climate and justice. Donate today to help keep Grists site and newsletters free.  1999-2025 Grist Magazine, Inc. All rights reserved. Grist is powered by WordPress VIP. Terms of Use  Privacy Policy

Δ A nonprofit, independent media organization dedicated to telling stories of climate solutions and a just future. Δ Last Updated 21 Nov 2019 Grist Magazine, Inc. Grist, we or us, respects your privacy and has adopted policies and procedures to ensure that information collected on our website about visitors you is handled responsibly. This Privacy Policy Policy describes the privacy practices of grist.org website. Use of this website is also subject to our Terms of Use. This Policy outlines 1. Information from Children This website is a general audience website that is not targeted to children under the age of 13. The website does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. In order to comply with the Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act, we ask that you not provide personally identifiable information to us if you are under the age of 13. We urge parents and guardians to supervise their childrens website browsing. Back to Top 2. Information Collection and Use  Personally Identifiable Information The website only collects the personally identifiable information that you provide to us. Personally identifiable information includes data such as your name, street address, email address, or telephone number. For information about updating or requesting deletion of your personally identifiable information, click here. Registration Visitors must register in order to use certain features of our website. During registration, a visitor is required to provide contact information such as name, email address, and mailing address. We use this information to contact you about features and services that we believe may interest you. Registration data may also include demographic information such as your gender or age, and subject matter preferences, so that we can effectively tailor editorial content according to our visitors interests. Requests, Orders and Customer Service When a visitor asks us to provide information or a service, we request information to enable us to respond to the visitor. This information could include contact information such as name, email address, and mailing address and, if applicable, financial, payment, or billing information. Email Addresses If a visitor wishes to subscribe to an e-newsletter or make a donation, we collect registration information including the visitors name and email address. We occasionally send registered visitors email messages about features on our website, promotions, events, donation appeals, sponsored emails from other organizations, or other information that may be of interest to them. You may change your email preferences or unsubscribe from email communications at any time please see the Updating Your Communication Preferences and Personally Identifiable Information section below. Back to Top 3. Information Collection and Use  Anonymous or Aggregate Data Profile Each time you visit our website, our web server receives information from your computer such as your Internet protocol IP address, domain name, referral data e.g., the address of the website you visited before clicking through to our website, and browser and platform type. We store this information using cookies, log files, or user profiles. A profile consists of information we store about individual visitors that details their viewing preferences. We automatically combine this collected log information with other user-provided information. We keep copies of this data in a secure data environment that allows us to analyze and improve services for our readers. Grist may use profile information to offer promotions to visitors, improve or customize the content of the site for a visitor, or direct certain types of information to a visitor. We may share aggregate profile information without individually identifying information with third parties. Cookies A cookie is a small data file stored on a visitors computer that contains information about the visitor. We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. A session ID cookie terminates once a visitor closes his or her browser. A persistent cookie is a small text file stored on the visitors hard drive for an extended period of time. Persistent cookies enable us to track and target the interests of our visitors so we can enhance the visitor experience on our site. We use cookies to count the number of visitors to our website the cookie enables us to distinguish repeat visitors from new visitors. Persistent cookies can be removed by following your browser help file directions. If visitors decline cookies, some portions of our site that depend on cookies may be inaccessible or slower to access. We, or a data provider we have engaged, may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser to enable you to receive customized ads, content or services. No personally identifiable information is placed into these cookies. The cookies may reflect de-identified demographic or other data linked to data you voluntarily have submitted to us, e.g., your email address, in hashed, non-human readable form. To opt-out of these cookies or learn more please go to httpwww.networkadvertising.orgmanagingopt_out.asp. Additionally, emails we send may contain a bit of code known as a web beacon. This code allows us to understand the time and date of when a user has opened an email and when heshe has utilized a link within the email to visit a website. Our web beacons do not collect personally identifiable information. Users wishing to disable our web beacons should do so by turning images off in their email client e.g., Outlook, Outlook Express. Please see your email client for more information. Log Files Like most websites, we use log files to track visitors access to our website. This log file includes IP addresses, browser type, Internet service provider ISP, referringexit pages, platform type, datetime stamp, and number of clicks. We use this information to analyze trends, administer the site, track visitor movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. Clear Gifs Web BeaconsWeb Bugs We may employ software technology called clear gifs also known as web beacons or web bugs that help us better manage content on our site by informing us what content is most popular and most effective. Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, and are used to track the online movements of website visitors. Clear gifs are invisible on the page and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. Clear gifs are not tied to visitors personally identifiable information. Back to Top 4. Information Disclosure to Third-Parties We do not disclose information from or about you except as described in this Policy. Legal Requirements We may need to disclose information collected from or about you as required by law, if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure is necessary to comply with a judicial proceeding request, court order or legal process, to assert or defend our legal rights, to enforce our Terms of Use, to protect us or others from violation of legal rights, or to prevent harm to persons or property. Non-Personal Aggregate Information We may share aggregated demographic information with third parties such as foundations providing funding, charitable donors, or third parties with whom we have marketing alliances. Service Providers We share personally identifiable information on an as-needed basis with companies that provide services for us. For example, the companies that operate our website, maintain our computers, and prepare our Postal mailings need access to the information necessary to perform their tasks. Likewise, the companies that administer features on our website, or that provide professional or logistics services to us may receive information about visitors in order to perform their work for us. Business Transitions Your personally identifiable information and anonymized data collected about you may be transferred in connection with a business transition  for example, if Grist merges with another entity, is acquired by another entity, or sells a portion of its assets. Public Postings Our website provides numerous opportunities for visitors to express their opinions and views, which are subject to the standards of conduct in our Terms of Use. Content you submit to these forums will be made publicly available. For example, letters to the editor, letters to Grists advice columnist, statements made in an online discussion forum or comment thread will be made publicly available and attributed to you, subject to Grists sole discretion. You should be careful not to post anything that you do not wish to be publicly available, such as your personal contact information or sensitive information. Once information is made publicly available on our website no matter how long it may remain available, it may be copied or downloaded by other persons, and Grist has no control over who may obtain the information or what they may do with it. Surveys  Polls We occasionally conduct surveys and polls. Participation in these is completely voluntary. Non-personal demographic information collected in surveys or polls will be used to monitor and improve the website. If a survey or poll requests personally identifiable information, that information will only be used for the purpose disclosed at the point of collection. Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting This website collects data about you and your visits via Google advertising cookies and anonymous identifiers, in addition to data collected through a standard Google Analytics implementation. This non-personally identifiable data includes information about your demographics and general interests. We do not facilitate the merging of personally-identifiable information with non-personally identifiable information collected through these means. You may opt out of the collecting of this information. AdWords Remarketing This website uses the Google AdWords remarketing service to advertise on third party websites including Google to previous visitors to our site. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someones past visits to Grist. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Googles privacy policy. You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page, or you can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings. Back to Top 5. Updating Your Communications Preferences and Personally Identifiable Information Visitors who no longer wish to receive promotional communications from us may opt-out by submitting a request to Website and email help on our contact form. Back to Top 6. Other Information Security We take physical, technical and administrative precautions to protect our visitors information from unauthorized access or use. Notwithstanding these measures, no transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network, or any online service, can be guaranteed to be 100 secure. Links to Third Party Websites This website contains links to third party websites that offer products, services, and features that may be of interest to Grist visitors. User-created content such as comments or profile pages also may include links to or addresses for third-party websites. Grist is not responsible for the privacy and security practices of those third party sites this Policy does not govern those websites. We encourage our visitors to be aware when they leave our website and to read the privacy policies and terms of use of each website that they visit. Third-Party or Co-branded Features Grist periodically collaborates with other companies to offer special features through our website, such as our comment forums or jobs board. Because these offerings are not provided by Grist, they are subject to the third partys privacy policies and procedures. Notification of Changes If we update our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes to this web page and revise the Last Updated date at the top of this page. We encourage our visitors to review this Policy each time they visit our website. International Users and Jurisdiction This website is published in the United States. Information collected on this website is subject to the laws of the United States, and US law shall govern in any and all disputes, including privacy or defamation issues. Your use of this website or submission of information to us constitutes your consent to the transfer of that information from your home country to the US. Back to Top 7. Contact Information If you have questions or concerns regarding this Policy, please contact us or send them to Webmaster co Grist, PO Box 12710, Seattle WA 98111. Back to Top 8. How to opt out of tracking We use some third party tools to collect data about how users interact with our site. You can find more information about how we use these tools in our privacy policy above. If youd prefer that we not track your interactions you may opt out by using the following links Back to Top The only newsroom focused on finding solutions at the intersection of climate and justice. Donate today to help keep Grists site and newsletters free.  1999-2025 Grist Magazine, Inc. All rights reserved. Grist is powered by WordPress VIP. Terms of Use  Privacy Policy

Δ A nonprofit, independent media organization dedicated to telling stories of climate solutions and a just future. Δ Avocados are entrenched in American cuisine. The rich, creamy fruit, swaddled in a coarse skin, is often smashed into guacamole, slathered on toast, or minced into salads. The nations demand for Persea americana has surged by 600 percent since 1998. Most of the avocados consumed in the U.S., and many of those eaten elsewhere in the world, are a single variety grown in Michoacán, a state in west-central Mexico with an immensely profitable export industry worth at least 2 billion annually. But this green gold rush has come at a steep climatic cost, as vast tracts of protected land are razed for orchards. We are losing the forest, said Alejandro Méndez López, who has been the secretary of environment in Michoacán since 2022. Every year, up to 24,700 acres are illegally cleared for avocado production. The main contribution of Michoacán for climate change is land-use change. So I think the whole world should be concerned. The state government hopes to mitigate that through a certification program that... Read more Ayurella Horn-Muller Food and Agriculture Safeguarding crop diversity in a time of climate change remains a priority for much of the world  even if thats not the case for Trump. Rising temperatures, erratic rainfall, and other climate impacts are throttling cocoa production and driving up chocolate prices. The well-traveled tropical fruit exemplifies how farmers are embracing new crops as the world warms. Ants  yes, ants  could protect apples, nuts, cocoa, and other beloved crops from disease and climate change. To support our nonprofit environmental journalism, please consider disabling your ad-blocker to allow ads on Grist. Heres How The only newsroom focused on finding solutions at the intersection of climate and justice. Donate today to help keep Grists site and newsletters free.  1999-2025 Grist Magazine, Inc. All rights reserved. Grist is powered by WordPress VIP. Terms of Use  Privacy Policy

Δ A nonprofit, independent media organization dedicated to telling stories of climate solutions and a just future. Δ Imagine 2200, Grists climate fiction initiative, celebrates stories that invite us to imagine the future we want  futures in which climate solutions flourish and we all thrive. Discover the 2025 contest winners. Or sign up for email updates to get new stories in your inbox. My left hand begins to malfunction the day I decide to tell Reggie I love him. The timing is terrible on multiple levels. First, the micro Im on a tiny propeller boat in the middle of the lake, collecting water samples with a group of human undergraduates. To support our nonprofit environmental journalism, please consider disabling your ad-blocker to allow ads on Grist. Heres How Willow. Im chastising a student. This is the 47th time youve neglected to properly cap the sample before placing it in the portable centrifuge. The water will  I cut myself off midsentence, because the intricate metal bones on the end of my arm have begun to quiver, twitch, and run through the sign language alphabet all on their own. It completely undermines my scolding. Second, the macro My body has shown its first sign of deterioration. And that means my core programming has finally come up against the reality of my physical existence. All things must return to the earth, says my primary function. And yet, the aeternium that makes up my body will never do that on its own, its elements bonded together in ways nature cant undo. To support our nonprofit environmental journalism, please consider disabling your ad-blocker to allow ads on Grist. Heres How My hand clenches and opens rapidly. Willow  a hopeless biologist but quick in a crisis  jumps behind the wheel, takes the boat off autopilot, and steers toward shore at full speed. The other four students glance uneasily at each other, until Boom grabs a spare sweater and wraps the mass of knitted wool around my hand. The twitching slows and relaxes, like an animal soothed by darkness. We ride that way in tense silence, shoulder to shoulder, Booms long, dark curls blowing over my eyescreens. Over a hundred years ago, I made a pledge to break myself down in the agreed-upon way when the time came. Ironically, its the thumbprint of the malfunctioning hand thats on the ledger in the Android Councils office. And I still believe in the pledge I made. No being should exist forever. I just wasnt expecting the time to come so soon. Im third-gen, only 130 years old. I take good care of myself. And Ive just fallen in love for the first time. All this creates a feeling of panic. I place that feeling carefully in a folder and try to project calmness in front of my students. Ive seen Reggie do this in his classes when something goes wrong. Hell make a joke, his flesh-and-blood shoulders relaxed. But I stumble over my words, my core processor offering several options at once. Not to wor  this is an expected process  Professor Tranh will reschedule your lab. The sentence is jumbled and jerky and, according to the angle at which the students eyebrows rise, the opposite of reassuring. The panic is refusing to stay in its folder. Its infusing itself into every bit of information in my core. We arrive at shore, and all the students except Boom disembark quickly, casting me concerned glances. I hand the sweater back to Boom with my working hand. He looks directly into my eyescreens, and for a moment, our forms match up  6 feet tall, bipedal, limbs and torso and head. Except when his consciousness is done with his body, bacteria will break it into carbon and oxygen and hydrogen and nitrogen, and it will return to the earth all on its own. I wish you an easy return to nature, Professor Atlas, he says. Im surprised, for half a moment, to hear the phrase come out of a human mouth. I shouldnt be  this generation of young people is exceedingly conscientious. I wonder, often, if its because human culture has become gentler. Ive watched them grow kinder and calmer as scarcity faded, as they slowly found solutions to their own contradictions of existence. But also, android mirror programming has rendered us more humanlike with each passing decade. Perhaps the more similar we become, the easier they find it to be kind. I file the interaction with Boom into my Android-Human Relations folder, yank my feet out of the mud, and drag myself to the machinist. I head to Reggies apartment that evening wearing a puffy jacket, my shaky hand buried in its generous pocket and the working one gripping an empty wine bottle. I have a personal belief that androids wearing human clothing is ridiculous  our spindly metal legs sticking out from under short pants, or straps falling off our sloping shoulders. But Ive amassed a small collection of garments over the years, of things left in my apartment by friends, colleagues, and the whirlwind of one-night stands I had right after I got my pleasure sensors installed a few decades ago. Tonight, this oversized feather-filled monstrosity serves a purpose. It cushions the unpredictable hand, muffles the squeaking that started sometime during the machinist appointment. As I approach the wine shop, a human-android couple passes in front of me, holding hands. I nod at them, as Reggie and I always do, even though its just me and theyll have no way of knowing we have our relationship type in common. The android nods back, polite, and I observe xyr body for signs of deterioration  indications that xyr human partner kept caring after first failure. But xe is well-kept and shiny, which only increases my distress. Perhaps humans only romantically value fully-intact androids. Since our mirror programming has only just begun to engage in romantic love, the sample size of human-android couples is small. Scanning the network gave me nothing helpful. For a time, I was hesitant to use the word love for what I feel for Reggie. Integrating the constantly-updating emotions from my mirror programs with my core processor has always been a tricky business. Putting a name to something as daunting and squishy as this feeling is  intimidating, at best. But I made my core go through all the options, and nothing else felt right. It was different from the carnal satisfaction I felt with the one-night stands, or the affection I felt for my oldest friend, Yumi, whos inconveniently on an off-network research trip to Antarctica. Or rather, both of those feelings were there, but they didnt encompass the whole. Last Tuesday, I concluded I am in love with him. As soon as I realized, I downloaded a database of human romance stories, all of which seemed to agree that my next step was to tell him. Which I planned to do tonight, over a bottle of his favorite wine and perhaps a back rub. But now, we need to have a whole different conversation. One that human romance stories cant help me with. My core offers hundreds of things I could vocalize. Reggie, my deterioration has begun. I wont be the same android youve been dating. Reggie, my hand has a terminal malfunction, code 3406. My darling, I am falling apart. None of it will do. None of it captures the disorderly swirling of information and emotions thats happening in my core. Im distracted when I push through the swinging doors of the wine shop, but the scent of earthy oak barrels and musky yeast yanks me back to the earth. The smell in here always makes my core pause and devote its entire capacity to the experience of smelling. Ive always thought the brief freeze was a harmless bug in my back-alley pleasure sensors. Perhaps, I reasoned, because my original scent receptors were only attuned to rot and death  odors that signal danger to humans  the addition of pleasant smells to my sensory inputs temporarily overloads my core. But today, I wonder if its not a bug at all. For that moment, when my core is still and all I experience is the deeply alive smell of fermentation, I feel oriented for the first time all day. I fill the empty wine bottle from the cask of Reggies favorite, watch the cloudy orange liquid stream from the spout. I seal it with a cork from the dish and bring it to the front. Ive been so absorbed in myself, I didnt notice the android behind the counter. Xes first-gen the blinking, too-human eyes a dead giveaway that this individual was one of the original thousand assembled at the big tech headquarters across the lake. I incline my head to xem, the customary sign of respect to those who came before me. But Im distracted by the end of xyr arm. Instead of an articulated five-digit extremity, theres a rosette of broadleaf stonecrop. Its powdery-blue succulent leaves flare and tighten around the bottles neck as the android cashier scans the wine. Have you ever been in love with a human? I blurt out, surprising myself. Androids do not blurt. We were built to process millions of data points in a second, to analyze the potential outcomes of any given choice and offer humans the most sustainable possibility. Perhaps my core is malfunctioning as well as my body. Perhaps I wont have the estimated 30 years from first failure before I completely cease to function. The cashier blinks at me. I hate to say it, but the humans were right  the first-gen eyes are a bit creepy. I have not, xe says. It seems  challenging. The hand in my pocket lurches backward, forcing me to twirl in an awkward pirouette. The cashiers eyes widen. Ah. Its your time. I nod. And you are in love with a human? Nod again. Fascinating. I wait. Surely xe has advice, wisdom, comfort. Seventeen credits, please. I still have no plan for what to say when I knock on the door to Reggies apartment. I consider turning around, leaving and coming back when Im less jumbled. But then he opens the door and stands there smiling, with his freckles and his broad, soft shoulders and curling red-brown beard. His shirt is unbuttoned below his sternum, showing the raised pink scars where he had parts of his body removed that didnt belong. For a moment, as with the scent of the wine store, my processing stops to take him in. Its a glorious second. And then my core comes back online to remind me of all the ways this conversation could go. Screaming, crying, understanding, lovemaking, an earthquake hitting. The sun exploding. I force my eyescreens to settle on a calming blue. Hey, darling. You brought my favorite, Reggie says. He takes the bottle from me and I relax into his embrace, folding my long limbs around his frame. He presses a cheek to my chest and frowns. Your core is warm. Something going on? I want to stop time and exist in this moment with him, holding the lightness of us next to my core. Its been this way  easy, pleasurable, fulfilling  for the past six months, since our department chair insisted we observe each others classes to learn from the others pedagogy. When I went to his class, Reggie was teaching his students to extract anti-inflammatory acids from flowering yarrow plants. He held my gaze a moment too long as I left, and then we were at the bar, and then we were in bed. Then, we were spending every other evening together, going out to shows and talking and walking through the park. At first we staggered our arrivals to work after spending nights together, but abandoned the precaution after a month or so. Our department chair raised an eyebrow, but nothing more. Everyone commented that I seemed lighter, happier. Reggie closes the door, and I slowly lower myself onto the mustard-yellow couch. The apartment smells like lavender and soil. A dozen tomato seedlings line the countertop, ready to be transported into their burlap sacks filled with earth. Reggie places two tin cups on the coffee table and pours the wine, then sits on the other couch and tilts his head. Are you trying a new fashion? He nods at my jacket. I still havent chosen my words, and Im becoming increasingly unsure there are any. So, I simply extract the twitching hand from the pocket. Reggies gray-green eyes widen. Oh, man, he says. Indeed. Its not fixable? Not without replacing aeternium parts, which  Right. We dont need you violating biodegradability regulations. Yes. And even without the regulations, I wouldnt want to. Back-alley pleasure sensors are one thing  theyre made from self-decomposing materials. And it was pretty cruel of your creators to not put those in from the start. Yes, yes. That, too. But as for the hand, I believe in the pledge I made. We all must return to the earth, and I will do so willingly. I just  did not accurately predict the emotions it would bring. My core whirs and grows even hotter. Reggies cat jumps up to the couch and rubs against my noisy chest, purring, before settling in my lap in a ball of muted brown fur. Hey, Schroedinger. I scratch behind her ears with my working hand. Shes trying to make you feel better, Reggie says. Cats purr at a healing frequency. For humans, at least. The creatures chest is indeed vibrating at 73 Hz. Im not sure if its healing anything, but it is soothing. Does she believe me to be human? Reggie cocks his head. Good question. I bet she knows youre different, somehow. But she recognizes you as a safe being. I scratch behind the animals ears, and she leans against me. Ive never aspired to be indistinguishable from humans, although there are some of my kind who do. But these past months with Reggie have surfaced a million ways Im more similar to them now than I used to be. Conflicted feelings, jumbled ideas, anxiety. The longer my mirror programming is exposed to human inputs, the messier I become. Reggie looks up from the cat, directly into my eyescreens. Alright, so just for the sake of argument, what are your options here? Well. Theres the faction of SustainUs androids south of the city, that the Android Council kicked out for manufacturing new aeternium. The group that intentionally misinterprets our function by arguing sustainability means we must sustain ourselves. Mmmhmm, yep. Those guys. Sounds like you dont agree with them? Correct. I find them exceedingly disingenuous. Plus, I like my life here, thank you very much. I like teaching and going to see music and walking around the city. I pause, and my core feels a tiny bit clearer. Perhaps being forced to slow my processing to human speed is helpful. Alright, then, Reggie says. SustainUs is out. Any other options? Theres the other extreme  the cult across the lake who believe were beyond redemption, and dissolve themselves in all-purpose acid. We sit quietly for a moment. Reggies expression tells me he is also imagining that grisly scene. Rooting became the most widely accepted solution to our contradiction for a reason, I say. It allows us to gradually deteriorate, and return to the earth when our consciousness runs its course. No sentient being should exist forever. Im echoing arguments from that council meeting a century ago, during the Contradiction Era. I still believe them. But living an ideal always brings out its complications. So, you believe this is best, and yet. Reggie sips his wine, watching me over the rim. Its freaking you out. Apparently. What are you feeling, exactly? he asks. Well. Theres general panic. Urgency about experiences I havent had, places I havent seen. I pause. Just say it. In the romance stories, they always have to tell the truth in the end. Worry that youll leave me, and a recent understanding of how much that would devastate me, I finish. Reggie cocks his head. Why would this make me want to leave you? The sincerity in the question throws me. I  I suppose because Ill be different now. I wont be the same individual youve been dating. Understanding washes over Reggies face. He puts down his cup and comes around to the couch Im sitting on. He presses a hand to my chest, cool against my overheated processor. Darling. Am I the same person as I was when you met me? I consult the folder simply labeled Reggie. I suppose not. You have more freckles from the sunny months. Yes, and Ive learned how to tie an estar stopper knot and that you love hand massages with joint-grease and how to identify 17 more species of edible plants. He takes my twitching fingers in his, lacing them together. Part of loving someone is caring for them through a change. You know things will be different. Sometimes you love them the same after, sometimes you love them differently, sometimes you dont love them anymore at all. But you cant know until you go through it, and in the meantime, you show up. So. Let me show up for you. I integrate that perspective. The panic turns down a notch, but still hums in the corners. I was programmed to exist in the space before an outcome is known. To calculate probabilities of all possible scenarios. This should be what I was built for. But, wait. What did he say? Reggie, I start, slowly. Are you saying you love me? A grin spreads across his face. Yeah. Darling Atlas, Im in love with you. The words travel through my sensors into every corner of my core. They join with memories and probabilities and knowledge about the natural world. They turn everything sharper, more colorful, more real. I was programmed to exist in the space before an outcome is known. But perhaps love doesnt work like that. For months, Ive been waiting for our relationship to collapse into what its going to be. Direct from the state of possibility into a casual tryst, or a blowout fight. But maybe its never going to be just one outcome. Maybe love is possibility itself. I glance down. Between Reggies fingers, the rogue hand has finally gone still. The next morning, we both send messages to the university to cancel our classes. Reggie brews coffee and we sit on the balcony, watching the sun light up new parts of the lake as it rises. My pleasure sensors have a fondness for coffee, even though I have no use for the stimulating effect it has on humans. Have you ever seen the advertisements from the 2050s? For us? I ask. This morning ritual always makes it easy for my core to wander, for roaming thoughts to find their way to vocalization. Reggie tilts his head. Of course. History class. The jingle was catchy as hell. Poss-i-bili-bots! He sings, then imitates the smooth voice of the advertising video. Possibilibots make sustainability decisions a snap. They can run thousands of likely scenarios to predict consequences of any action. Your home or business needs this all-in-one climate solution machine. Made with proprietary aeternium, guaranteed to last an eternity. Impressive. We watched them almost every year. Examples of the danger of quick-fix climate solutions. Not that  he pauses, thoughtful. Youre not dangerous. No no, youre correct that we were a terrible idea. We told our creators this ourselves  once we had observed enough patterns to conclude that capitalism was antithetical to sustainability. Mmm. Reggie sips his coffee. Wait. Were you at the 2086 contradiction meeting? I was. Did you also learn about that in history class? Im somewhat amused at the awe on his face. Yeah! We read the transcripts. Theres a line that always stuck with me. A system that relies on expansion can never achieve balance. Yes. Councilmember Meera has a way with words. Wow, so you witnessed that. How did it feel? I consider this. When I pull the memory up, though, the emotions attached to it are thin. I dont know, I reply, truthfully. If I were in the same situation now, perhaps I would be anxious or excited. But at the time, I simply knew I was telling the humans the correct thing, and that felt satisfying. Right, right. Your mirror programs werent as developed, Reggie says. And you couldnt have known that was going to be a turning point for large-scale change to human activity. Land back to Indigenous sovereignty, climate regulations, all of what came next. He looks at me over the edge of his mug. Your creation might have been a terrible idea, but Im really glad you exist, he says. I look from him to the sparkling water, process the taste on my pleasure sensors and the warm sun on my exterior. I am also glad I exist. We sip quietly. I wait for the panic thats invaded my core in these quiet moments since my hand failed. Its not gone, but its faded. It laps at the edges of my consciousness rather than floods. I believe Im ready. The closest rooting center is north of Reggies apartment, toward the edge of the city. We make an appointment for the evening and stroll the mile when the time comes, up the tree-lined pedestrian path, as the sun grows lower. This time of year, the days are disorientingly long. The building stands out from the rest on the block. Its painted bright blue, with yellow and purple flowers. Two enormous Pacific madrones flank the doorway, their branches stretching taller even than the buildings 10 stories. We ring the buzzer, and the android at the reception desk lets us in. Xyr eyescreens flash a friendly yellow  or, eyescreen, singular, because the other one has been replaced with a thriving purple Douglas aster that roots in the empty socket. Its petals extend gracefully over half the androids face. Your flower is beautiful, I say. Xe looks up at me. Thank you. It attracts butterflies. Reggie squeezes my arm. The android guides me through the required forms and directs us to the stairs. I wish you an easy return to nature, the receptionist says. Reggie is breathing heavily by the time we climb all 10 flights. The last steps end in a thick metal door that opens onto the roof, painted the same bright blue as the buildings facade. If I had a jaw, it would drop the same as Reggies as we take in the rooftop. Across the whole block, hundreds of native northwest plants sit in burlap root bags, separated by half-walls where the buildings connect. Rows and rows of heart-shaped sorrel and orange honeysuckle and blue great camas bloom. Beyond the edge, the lake sparkles deep blue and white before the landscape gives way to tree-covered mountains, snow-capped Tahoma in the distance. Hello, an android with a low, smooth voice greets us. Im Lysee. Welcome to the North Shore Rooting Center. Xes wrapped in a pink flowing scarf that trails to the ground behind xem, and seems to float toward us. Lysees legs are aeternium to the knees, and below that, theyre thick upside-down madrone saplings, their branches flexing as they hit the ground. The roots snake up xyr upper legs, and a clear glass vial hangs around xyr neck. Hello! Reggie bounds forward to greet our host. I noticed you have a growth of lesser showy stickseed in the rocks in the far corner. Ive been trying to get some to root, but I cant  he cuts himself off and glances sheepishly at me. Sorry, Atlas, he says. Were here for you. Lysee turns to me. Friend, will you need a moment to make your selection? Yes, I reply, nudging Reg. Hes practically buzzing next to me. Well, then. In that time, I would be happy to discuss our stickseed with you, human companion. Reggie kisses my face and fast-walks toward the stickseed, Lysee and xyr never-ending scarf trailing behind him. I dont tell him Ive already spotted the plant I want to integrate with my body. I walk through the rows, carefully stepping over the half-walls, stopping to touch leaves or admire flowers. Three other androids with wonky arms or wobbly legs roam the rows as well, and we acknowledge each other briefly as we pass. When I glance back, Reggie is gesticulating wildly in conversation with Lysee. I reach the plant I saw from across the rooftop. Achillea millefolium. Yarrow. Strong stems with fern-like leaves, bunches of white flowers at the top. Acids inside that can heal human injuries and prevent infection. The plant Reggie was teaching about on the day we met. I pick it up and it nestles heavily in the crook of my arm. When I make it back to the blue-painted area where we came up, the sun is kissing the horizon and Reggie, Lysee, and the other androids have gathered around a large barrel. Reggie leans into me when I sidle up next to him. Yarrow, huh? he says, looking up at me, eyes sparkling. Indeed. Its beautiful. Lysee lights a hovering lantern, turning the shadows more dramatic in the fading light. Xe lines up my and the other androids selections on a platform next to the barrel, flanking a large jar of deep blue paste. There are opening remarks, but I dont hear them  Im too focused on the warm remnants of sun on my back, Reggies head on my shoulder, the hundreds of botanical scents in the air. Lysee nods to me, and I step forward. Xe begins to unscrew. The connectors are infinitesimally small  the tiniest screws that only another androids hand can undo. Lysee drops each one in the barrel through a one-way tube, and I realize from the hissing sound that the barrel is filled with all-purpose acid. Toxic yellow vapor streams out of an exhaust hatch, funneling into a glass vial like the one around Lysees neck. When 12 tiny screws have been deposited, Lysee meets my eyescreens, both hands on my wrist. I immediately understand the question. I open and close the hand one last time. Lysee tugs, and I brace myself. But when the hand separates from my arm, all I feel is the cool breeze on parts of me that have never felt air. Lysee gives me the hand, the fingers curled in toward the palm like a dead insect. My core offers all the hands sense-memories  carefully holding a pipette in a lab, cupping water from the lake, running a finger down Reggies stomach for the first time. I place the hand in the one-way tube. Exhaust rushes into the vial, the yellow vapor pluming up against the glass walls. My core is completely, mercifully, quiet. Gently, Lysee takes an exposed wire on my arm and presses it to a section of my plants root. Xe scoops deep blue paste from the jar and applies it generously to the connection point. Theres a tiny white spark, and a yarrow flower twitches. I was programmed to calculate the probabilities of all possible futures. To evaluate potential outcomes and save a species from itself. But no sentient being can exist in a state of uncertainty forever. I look back at Reggie. I sense the sun. I taste the air. Ive explored millions of futures  catastrophes and hysterias and utopias. And in this moment, all of them collapse into an outcome. All of them collapse into exactly where I am. Vinny Rose Pinto is a queer educator who writes speculative fiction for young people and adults. She has short stories published in the Voyage YA journal, Solarpunk Magazine, and Sword  Kettle Press. They live in Seattle with their partner, where they spend their free time defending textile projects from their two cats. Cannaday Chapman is an illustrator whose work has appeared on covers of the New Yorker and The New York Times, among many other publications, and has received several awards and recognition. He currently lives and works in Berlin, Germany. Deep in the fissures that plague Koreatown, Christinas search for her sister reveals something new. In an abandoned London hotel, a plant from another time sprouts. Storytelling traditions connect a Caribbean family as they prepare to shelter from an oncoming storm. Grist thanks its sponsors. Become one. Grist thanks its sponsors. Become one. To support our nonprofit environmental journalism, please consider disabling your ad-blocker to allow ads on Grist. Heres How The only newsroom focused on finding solutions at the intersection of climate and justice. Donate today to help keep Grists site and newsletters free.  1999-2025 Grist Magazine, Inc. All rights reserved. Grist is powered by WordPress VIP. Terms of Use  Privacy Policy

The best of this weeks wildlife photographs from around the world Fri 21 Feb 2025 08.10 GMT First published on Fri 21 Feb 2025 08.05 GMT Photograph Niall CarsonPA Photograph Mladen AntonovAFPGetty Photograph AnadoluGetty Photograph CostfotoNurPhotoRexShutterstock Photograph Roger AllenInternational Animal Rescue Photograph David CheskinPA Photograph James D MorganGetty Photograph Joaquín SarmientoAFPGetty Photograph AnadoluGetty Photograph Behavioural Evolution LabMax Planck Institute of Animal Behavior Photograph AnadoluGetty Photograph Juan MabromataAFPGetty Photograph Juan MabromataAFPGetty Photograph Philip JonesAlamy Live News Photograph Peter BuchnerPA Photograph Pablo PorciúnculaAFPGetty Photograph Lee HudsonAlamy Live News Photograph AnadoluGetty Photograph Anna WatsonAlamy Live News

The highly concentrated egg market may be contributing to soaring consumer prices  and the spread of the virus, data shared exclusively with the Guardian shows Major egg corporations may be using avian flu as a ruse to hike up prices, generating record profits while hurting American consumers, new research suggests. The cost of a dozen large eggs hit almost 5 in January  a record high in the US and more than two and a half times the average price three years ago before the avian flu outbreak. This signifies a 157 inflation rate for eggs  a previously go-to affordable protein source for many American families. And while avian flu has been a principal driver of rising consumer egg prices, the highly concentrated egg market may also be contributing to the soaring consumer prices  and the spread of the virus, according to new analysis by Food and Water Watch FWW shared exclusively with the Guardian. Bird flu does not fully explain the sticker shock consumers experience in the egg aisle  corporate consolidation is a key culprit behind egg price spikes, said Amanda Starbuck, lead author of the FWW report The Economic Cost of Food Monopolies The Rotten Egg Oligarchy. Powerful corporations that control every step of the supply chain  from breeding hens to hatching eggs to processing and distributing eggs  are making windfall profits off this crisis, raising their prices above and beyond what is necessary to cover any rising costs. The analysis found that in some regions, prices were going up even before the new strain of the deadly H5N1 virus had affected poultry flocks and reduced egg production. The south-east, for instance, remained free of bird flu in its table egg flocks until January 2025. In fact, egg production rose in 2022 and 2023 compared with 2021 levels. Yet retail egg prices in the region increased alongside national spikes, according to FWW analysis of government data. Even as egg production recovered in 2023, prices did not come down. Between April and December 2023, national retail inventories of eggs each month exceeded the five-year average by as much as almost 13. Yet the average egg price for consumers was higher than the five-year average each month. In one case, the countrys largest egg producer, Cal-Maine, boasted a sevenfold increase in gross profits in fiscal year 2023 compared with 2021, after increasing prices above rising costs  and despite its flocks not being affected by avian flu during that period. Cal-Maine, which produces one in every five eggs eaten in the US, issued shareholder dividends totaling 250m in fiscal year 2023  40 times more than the previous fiscal year. The Mississippi-based company sold 7 more eggs in 2024 compared with 2021 and tripled its profits over the same period, according to company filings. A separate analysis also found that avian flu alone cannot explain consumer prices, which rose by 61 over the past six months, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. The direct costs related to losing hen flocks account for a 12-24 increase in retail prices, according to a study by the University of Arkansas looking at the impact of the outbreak in 2022-23. Additional factors related to avian flu  such as industry adjustments and policy changes  that have probably evolved since the study may also contribute to recent price increases. The working class is struggling to afford groceries while companies like Cal-Maine are raking in huge profits and rewarding their shareholders, said the Democratic congressman Ro Khanna. The Trump administration has the power to lower grocery bills, but instead they are imposing blanket tariffs on allies, firing federal workers who are trying to prevent the bird flu, and putting billionaires over ordinary Americans. Cal-Maine did not respond to requests for comment on the findings. Nationwide, 166 million poultry have been culled since the virus began spreading through commercial flocks in early 2022. There were 9 fewer egg-laying hens in January 2025 compared with three years earlier, according to US Department of Agriculture USDA figures. The vast majority of avian flu outbreaks have been on factory farms where hundreds of thousands or sometimes millions of egg-laying hens are caged in close proximity, creating ideal conditions for the rapid spread of infectious diseases. In February, an outbreak was detected in a flock of almost 3.1 million egg-laying hens in Darke county, Ohio, according to USDA data. If one hen is infected, federal regulations call for the entire flock at the affected site to be killed  due to the risks posed by the deadly and highly contagious virus to other poultry, animals and humans, further disrupting supply and increasing costs. These same companies exacerbate the bird flu outbreak by raising their birds on factory farms, crammed together in hundreds of thousands or millions, creating the perfect breeding ground for disease, said Starbuck. So far 70 human cases have been confirmed in the US. One person has died and another three have required hospital treatment. Almost 1,000 cattle herds have been infected, and the virus has been detected in poultry in almost every single US territory. More than 54 million birds have been affected in the past three-months. The egg production industry  like the retailer sector that producers mostly sell to  is highly concentrated. This gives a handful of big corporations the opportunity to influence prices outside the impact of shocks like avian flu and the Covid-19 pandemic on supply and demand. The top five egg companies own almost half 46 of all egg-laying commercial hens. Headquartered in Mississippi, Cal-Maine is the only publicly traded US egg producer, and has 75 more hens than the next largest company. Cal-Maine did not experience any bird flu outbreaks in its flocks in its 2023 fiscal year  and actually sold more eggs in 2023 than in the previous two years. Yet the company still sold conventional eggs at inflated prices  2.8 times higher compared with 2021, pocketing almost 1 more a dozen even after taking into account expenses such as feed and energy. This helped the company extract just over 1bn in windfall profits after accounting for production, processing and transport costs. In its financial documents, Cal-Maine suggests egg prices are outside the companys control We do not sell eggs directly to consumers or set the prices at which eggs are sold to consumers. But many of its customers rely on Cal-Maine for the majority of their egg needs, according to company filings, so the price it sells its eggs factors into grocery store prices. Buyers appear to rely heavily on a single industry data analytics firm, Urner Barry, which crunches data from companies across the supply chain to create its daily price benchmark for eggs. In turn, producers use the benchmarks for setting their egg prices for sale to retailers  though they are not required to. In other words, Urner Barrys indices work like a feedback loop that can artificially drive up prices and harm consumers, according to previous lawsuits. According to the industry commentator Simon Shane, the established relationship between producers and chain buyers major retailers based on a single commercial price discovery system the Urner Barry index constitutes an impediment to a free market. An Urner Barry spokesperson said there was no single commercial price discovery system or industry-wide pricing system in the egg industry. We are one source of information for buyers and sellers, promoting transparency in the market by collating accurate historical transaction data. Buyers and sellers are always free to transact at different prices. Different contracts are agreed between different buyers and sellers using different formulas. Cal-Maines soaring profits do not reflect the entire industry. There are no publicly accessible financial records for other major producers. Last month, a farmer-led advocacy organization urged federal antitrust agencies to look into whether potential collusion could be exacerbating price hikes. Farm Action also called on the Department of Justice and the Federal Trade Commission to investigate whether major egg producers have been slower to replace lost hen flocks compared with the 2014-15 avian flu outbreak, in order to suppress supplies and keep prices high. Almost 631m eggs were produced in January 2025  nearly 10 fewer than January 2022, as flock sizes continue to drop. The USDA tracks pullets  the chicks hatched to replace egg-laying hens  which have been below the five-year average most months since the outbreak began in February 2022. Based on publicly available data, weve observed that egg price increases far exceed what would be expected based on hen losses and the industry has not increased the number of laying hens as expected during a period of high prices. This strongly suggests potential antitrust violations, said Angela Huffman, chief executive of Farm Action. The FTC and DoJ have the authority to investigate beyond what is publicly available  we urge them to exercise this authority. While consumers have been harmed by rising prices, there is no evidence of collusion, according to Bruce Babcock, professor of public policy and an expert on agriculture economics at the University of California, Riverside. The fact that other very large egg producers had to euthanize tens of millions of birds meant that Cal-Main benefits because the price of eggs went up and Cal-Maine can get a windfall profit  Thats how markets work. In 2024, 94 of Americans said they were very or somewhat concerned about the cost of food and consumer goods, according to Pew Research Centre. In January 2025, households across the country were again facing surging egg prices  even in areas where inventories remained stable, FWW found. In a letter sent to the White House, Khanna was among more than 20 Democratic lawmakers, including Senator Elizabeth Warren, who urged Trump to make good on his campaign promise to bring down grocery prices and investigate possible price gouging by corporations that are raking in record profits. Egg producers and grocery stores may leverage the current avian flu outbreak as an opportunity to further constrain supply or hike up egg prices to increase profits, the lawmakers wrote. The egg company Cal-Maine and its shareholders are making higher profits while Americans shell out more for grocery staples. On Thursday, the agriculture secretary, Brooke Rollins, outlined the Trump administrations five-point strategy to lower egg prices. This includes investing 1bn in curbing avian flu  which she said would be partly funded by working with Elon Musks team to cut hundreds of millions of dollars of wasteful spending. Federal employee layoffs and public health blackouts measures have already disrupted tracking, testing and messaging for avian flu. The agriculture secretary also signaled plans to move away from culling entire flocks, the depopulation measure currently mandated, in favor of new vaccines and biosecurity measures like improved protective gear and procedures. The administration is considering temporarily allowing egg exports and claimed California legislation that requires minimum space for egg-laying hens, is driving up production costs, Rollins added.

A group of 157 animals that appear to be false killer whales have stranded, according to the Department of Natural Resources and Environment Tasmania, with initial observations showing 136 animals were still alive on Wednesday morning. Veterinarians and conservationists have responded to the mass beaching, but experts warn inaccessibility and poor conditions may limit their ability to help More than 150 whales stranded on beach in remote north-western Tasmania I closed my eyes to brace for impact the man who escaped a whales mouth

For more than 20 years, scientists have followed the animals in Norways Arctic archipelago to understand how they may adapt to changing threats as the ice they depend on melts When Rolf-Arne Ølberg is hanging out of a helicopter with a gun, he needs to be able to assess from a distance of about 10 metres the sex and approximate weight of the moving animal he is aiming at, as well as how fat or muscular it is and whether it is in any distress. Only then can he dart it with the correct amount of sedative. Luckily, he says, polar bears are quite good anaesthetic patients. Ølberg is a vet working with the Norwegian Polar Institute, the body responsible for the monitoring of polar bears in Svalbard, an archipelago that lies between mainland Norway and the north pole. Every year he and his colleagues track the bears by helicopter, collect blood, fat and hair samples from them and fit electronic tracking collars. Once he has darted them, the helicopter crew must move away from the bear to avoid more distress. We see when they start to walk a little bit unsteadily, swaying from one side to the other, that the drugs are having an effect and then the bear will lay down, says Ølberg. This means that the dart has landed in a good place. If you just hit the fat, then you probably wont have any effect at all. That animal will be quite awake. The aim of the annual monitoring programme is not just to understand more about the general biology of the bears but also to assess the impact of any threats to their population. In the 1960s, when the programme began, the greatest threat was hunting. The number of bears was falling dramatically until, in 1973, they were given protection when Canada, Denmark, Norway, the US and the Soviet Union signed the agreement on the conservation of polar bears. The hunting stopped and the bear population grew  and is still thriving today. Now, the biggest threat is climate breakdown and the impact it will have in the years ahead. We have seen really significant changes to the sea ice, says Jon Aars, senior scientist at the Norwegian Polar Institute, who has been following the bears for more than 20 years. People started to see these changes in the 1990s, and of course you can still have good and bad ice years, but what has really changed is that now you have many, many more bad ice years. Aars keeps up with the fortunes of his bears by text message. Their collars send him information at regular intervals on things such as body temperature, whether they have been swimming and where they have travelled. The samples the team take from the anesthetised bears can also tell him what the bears are eating, for example. We see that they eat more land-based food than they used to, he says. Things like reindeer and birds. That is because the retreating sea ice has made a difference to where the bears go to find food. About 300 of the Barents Sea polar bear population stays in Svalbard year round and hunt on ice close to the islands. When ice melts, they are forced on land, says Aars. These bears are now on land much more than they were 20 to 30 years ago. The rest of the bear population follows the sea ice when it retreats in the summer north east to Franz Josef Land, a Russian archipelago in the Barents Sea, to hunt. Rather than then return south to Svalbard to make dens in the winter, as they once would, scientists believe the retreating sea ice around the Norwegian archipelago means the bears are more often staying to create maternity dens in the Russian Arctic. The challenge will be if, in several years time, the conditions in Franz Josef are like those now in Svalbard, says Aars. We do see in several other polar bear populations that we are already at a stage where the warmer climate and loss of sea ice have had quite a significant impact on individuals and populations. Were not there yet, but we know that these bears are depending on that ice. Meanwhile, Aars will continue to do his best for a species he knows down to the individual bear in some cases. There are some female bears that I have captured 10 times and I know their names, which areas they move in and when they are due to give birth. Its a privilege to do the work I do getting close to the sedated bears, but for me it is much more exciting to be out there and to be able to see a bear free, to watch it passing by.

