Todays Digital Daily Todays Digital Daily Nadège Vanhée succeeded in continuing her steady run of covetable classics for the .0001 percent with things Black light brought out a profusion of otherworldly colors in a lineup that telegraphed a joyful The designer upped the cocooning quotient this season. Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox. The designer sexed up office attire with a kinky twist, while embracing masculinity, too. The designer continued his exploration of jutting, geometric constructions, given them a rock n roll edge. There were plenty of layers to his fall lineup, from options for cold-weather dressing and cunning The designer employed a mix of structured and fluid materials. There were highs and lows in this latest exploration of masculine-meets-feminine dressing. An evolution for the designer, the collection had a heightened sense of luxe decoration and a broader reach. The Lebanese designer continues to work through the cold colors and themes from pre-fall. Satoshi Kondo asked Is this sculpture? Is this clothing? Harris Reed loosened up this season, but got a little carried away. The Belgian brands runway debut in Paris had a relaxed vibe that was inspired by the bedroom as a place for The designer was inspired by the softer side of the turbulent 60s, contrasting the eras sharp modernist and The brands first dedicated womens show in eight years debuted a quirky new direction, tilted to tailoring Send us a tip using our anonymous form. WWD and Womens Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation.  2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

Todays Digital Daily Todays Digital Daily The jerseys are expected to generate more than 20 million. The collection will include knit wardrobe staples, reimagined vintage T-shirts and limited editions created Classic suiting was the reigning theme among male celebrities on the red carpet. Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox. The new line furthers the two brands existing partnership. Michael Strahan Design Lab will allow men to personalize their suits by selecting their own distinct details. The brands first season in Paris attracted the attention of Dover Street Market London, Ven Space in The Cuban immigrant settled in Miami after fleeing his home country and built a 1 billion apparel business. The San Francisco-based menswear brand has two stores in its hometown and is seeking additional sites around Unveiling the summer 2026 collection on June 11, this will be the first time the brand will show outside The brand has offered mens underwear and sleepwear but this is its first loungeactivewear collection. Treat yourself with a navy blazer this year  but also a pair of white alligator jeans. Whit Alexander will oversee both marketing and data analytics for the menswear retail chain. The Texas-based menswear brand has modernized the western staple pearl snap shirt. He joins Kevin Love who signed on with the company last fall. The 24-piece collection merges the brand and legendary TV shows iconographies. Send us a tip using our anonymous form. WWD and Womens Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation.  2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

Todays Digital Daily Todays Digital Daily Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall 2025 Ready-To-Wear Collection at Paris Fashion Week Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall 2025 Ready-To-Wear Collection at Paris Fashion Week Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall 2025 Ready-To-Wear Collection at Paris Fashion Week Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall 2025 Ready-To-Wear Collection at Paris Fashion Week Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall 2025 Ready-To-Wear Collection at Paris Fashion Week Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall 2025 Ready-To-Wear Collection at Paris Fashion Week Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall 2025 Ready-To-Wear Collection at Paris Fashion Week Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall 2025 Ready-To-Wear Collection at Paris Fashion Week Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall 2025 Ready-To-Wear Collection at Paris Fashion Week Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall 2025 Ready-To-Wear Collection at Paris Fashion Week Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall 2025 Ready-To-Wear Collection at Paris Fashion Week Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall 2025 Ready-To-Wear Collection at Paris Fashion Week Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall 2025 Ready-To-Wear Collection at Paris Fashion Week Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall 2025 Ready-To-Wear Collection at Paris Fashion Week Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall 2025 Ready-To-Wear Collection at Paris Fashion Week Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall 2025 Ready-To-Wear Collection at Paris Fashion Week Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall 2025 Ready-To-Wear Collection at Paris Fashion Week Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall 2025 Ready-To-Wear Collection at Paris Fashion Week Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall 2025 Ready-To-Wear Collection at Paris Fashion Week Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall 2025 Ready-To-Wear Collection at Paris Fashion Week Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall 2025 Ready-To-Wear Collection at Paris Fashion Week Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall 2025 Ready-To-Wear Collection at Paris Fashion Week Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall 2025 Ready-To-Wear Collection at Paris Fashion Week Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall 2025 Ready-To-Wear Collection at Paris Fashion Week Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall 2025 Ready-To-Wear Collection at Paris Fashion Week Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall 2025 Ready-To-Wear Collection at Paris Fashion Week Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall 2025 Ready-To-Wear Collection at Paris Fashion Week Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall 2025 Ready-To-Wear Collection at Paris Fashion Week Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall 2025 Ready-To-Wear Collection at Paris Fashion Week Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall 2025 Ready-To-Wear Collection at Paris Fashion Week Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall 2025 Ready-To-Wear Collection at Paris Fashion Week Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall 2025 Ready-To-Wear Collection at Paris Fashion Week Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall 2025 Ready-To-Wear Collection at Paris Fashion Week Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall 2025 Ready-To-Wear Collection at Paris Fashion Week Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall 2025 Ready-To-Wear Collection at Paris Fashion Week Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall 2025 Ready-To-Wear Collection at Paris Fashion Week Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall 2025 Ready-To-Wear Collection at Paris Fashion Week Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall 2025 Ready-To-Wear Collection at Paris Fashion Week Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall 2025 Ready-To-Wear Collection at Paris Fashion Week Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall 2025 Ready-To-Wear Collection at Paris Fashion Week Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall 2025 Ready-To-Wear Collection at Paris Fashion Week Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall 2025 Ready-To-Wear Collection at Paris Fashion Week Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall 2025 Ready-To-Wear Collection at Paris Fashion Week Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall 2025 Ready-To-Wear Collection at Paris Fashion Week Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall 2025 Ready-To-Wear Collection at Paris Fashion Week Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall 2025 Ready-To-Wear Collection at Paris Fashion Week Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall 2025 Ready-To-Wear Collection at Paris Fashion Week Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall 2025 Ready-To-Wear Collection at Paris Fashion Week Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall 2025 Ready-To-Wear Collection at Paris Fashion Week Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall 2025 Ready-To-Wear Collection at Paris Fashion Week Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall 2025 Ready-To-Wear Collection at Paris Fashion Week Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall 2025 Ready-To-Wear Collection at Paris Fashion Week Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall 2025 Ready-To-Wear Collection at Paris Fashion Week Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall 2025 Ready-To-Wear Collection at Paris Fashion Week Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall 2025 Ready-To-Wear Collection at Paris Fashion Week Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall 2025 Ready-To-Wear Collection at Paris Fashion Week Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood Fall 2025 Ready-To-Wear Collection at Paris Fashion Week

Todays Digital Daily Todays Digital Daily Eryn Norton is the Senior Photo Editor at WWD. She joined WWD in 2023 after having worked in the industry for 10 years. She graduated from Southern Methodist University, where she studied photography, French and political science. Eryn is originally from Texas. Send us a tip using our anonymous form. WWD and Womens Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation.  2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

Todays Digital Daily Todays Digital Daily Sabbat wore pieces from his own young line, while Roan made her second show of the day. The interior of the New York-based brands first international retail location takes design cues from fly The Lebanese designer continues to work through the cold colors and themes from pre-fall. Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox. Its tough times for indie designers as buyers stick to big brands and commercial pieces, so the fashion The LVMH Prize winner took musical instruments to the fashion extreme with a cello dress, but didnt quite Olivier Rousteing returned to a big show venue, which brought out Leslie Bibb and Taylor Hill too. The Belgian designer played with 80s corporate dress and design for a clever second collection. For her first show since buying her company back from LVMH, longtime friends including Richard E. Grant came The dancers off duty look inspired off-kilter knits, structured coats and roomy trousers in a relaxed and The actress hit the Dior show between shoots for her upcoming sci-fi film, while Natalie Portman, Jisoo The Belgian designers obsession with multifunctionality lent clever  and surrealist  touches to a strong The South Korean designer mined his own archives for a show of contrasts, with inspiration from his newfound Patric DiCaprio and Bryn Taubensee went all out with volume this season, as they prepare for a move to Paris. CEO Arthur Gerbi talks about his post-luxury philosophy for the famous destination stores new outpost. Theres never a dull moment in the French capital during womens ready-to-wear season  or, really, any Send us a tip using our anonymous form. WWD and Womens Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation.  2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

Things you buy through our links may earn Vox Media a commission You dont really need to watch With Love, Meghan. Meghan Markles Meghan Sussexs? new Netflix showslashjam commercial is all about creating small moments of joy for your guests, and while there are some nice tips sprinkled throughout the eight episodes, small moments of joy for the viewers are few and far between. Each episode of With Love, Meghan features a guest and some sort of theme. Sometimes the theme is Your friends are coming over for lunch, and sometimes its Your friends are coming over to play mahjong. The guests help Meghan prepare, and through flashbacks we see Meghan prepping for those guests, giving us instructions about flower-arranging and making your own bath salts. The show cant seem to decide whether Meghan is an expert teaching her friends new tricks or a student learning dutifully from professional chefs, and by the third time shes arranging vibrant crudités, you have to wonder what the point is here. That all being said, if something is still compelling you to watch or you have a mountain of laundry to tackle and would like the background noise, you should put on the Mindy Kaling episode. The second in the series, the concept behind Kalings episode is that she and Meghan are preparing a garden tea party for their toddlers. They make finger sandwiches, Meghan prepares a rainbow fruit plate, and they assemble crostini that look like ladybugs. All of that is whatever, but the real saving grace of this episode is Kaling herself. Kaling solves With Loves major problem, which is that there is simply not much to latch on to here. You might have seen the clip of Meghan correcting Kaling on her last name  one of the only truly interesting moments in the whole show. Meghan reveals that she ate a lot of Jack in the Box growing up, and Kaling, dutifully playing her part as the Everywoman, responds, I dont think anyone in the world knows that Meghan Markle has eaten Jack in the Box and loves it. Its so funny you keep saying Meghan Markle you know Im Sussex now, Meghan responds. Lets watch the clip, because you really need to see how she visibly tenses up at this apparent misstep Her name is Meghan Sussex, and i love it too WithLoveMeghan MindyKaling WithLoveMeghanOnNetflixnetflix pic.twitter.coml1mYNEWiaO This is the only moment in all eight episodes when we even come close to something that feels like tension  as well as a little peek into how Meghan actually feels about  anything. You have kids, and you go, No, I share my name with my children, she explains to Kaling. I didnt know how meaningful that would be to me, but it just means so much to go, This is our family name  our little-family name. Meanwhile, Kaling kind of looks like a child who has been reprimanded. Drama! For once! Kaling, a very successful television writer and producer, also seems to understand that confrontation is good drama and brings a much-needed dose of it to the show, even if its mostly in jest. If youve been following Meghans jam journey, youll recall that she initially made a batch of 50 jams to send out to her celebrity friends. For some reason, she numbered the jars, and Kaling, who received No. 19, boldly brought it up. Of course, as a very hierarchical person, I was like, Who are these other 50? Does having a lower number make me more special?, she asks with a bluntness and a sense of humor that never come back to the show. Meghan then explains that it was not a ranking but that people did take it very personally. This crumb of conflict feels like water in the desert. On top of jump-starting the best moments on the entire show, Kaling generally brings some much-appreciated energy to the production. It seems as though she could make conversation with a wall, and she occasionally uses that power to make Meghan come off as more interesting. In one exchange, Kaling explains the term lewk to Meghan while asking for outfit details, and our host, charmingly, has no idea what shes talking about. Eventually, they get to the bottom of it, and Meghan reveals that shes wearing Zara pants with a Loro Piana sweater. I like high-low, she says. Kalings casual comment gives us more of an insight into Meghans life than most of this show does. On the off chance we get a second season of With Love, Meghan, we need more Kalings. I dont know how many more times I can hear Meghan talk about how a small touch can elevate an experience into something spectacular before going to collect honey from her personal beehive. This show needs a charisma infusion stat. That being said, I would watch several seasons of With Love, Mindy. By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice and to receive email correspondence from us. Things you buy through our links may earn Vox Media a commission Have an account?

Things you buy through our links may earn Vox Media a commission Stories on the sometimes frustrating, sometimes confusing, always engrossing subject of modern romance. Stories on the sometimes frustrating, sometimes confusing, always engrossing subject of modern romance. Me and my friend Monica decided to throw a singles party recently. Or not quite a full-on singles party, since it turns out that lots of people, and especially straight men, do not actually want to go to a dedicated singles event because of the vague aura of desperation attached. We decided to call it the Bring Back Flirting Party. We threw the party because we wanted to do something, even something small, to make dating feel fun again. We are both in our 30s, and all the time we hear endless stories about how terrible dating is right now. Everyone is being ghosted left and right. Women tell me they dont feel pursued. Men tell me the only women they see on apps are hopelessly kooky or they will go on a nice date, then be vlogged about after. Sometimes I will be talking to a good-looking man I know, and hell just announce that he hasnt had sex in a year. Meanwhile, Monica wrote a popular novel about a young woman in the aftermath of a divorce, so sometimes women just come up to her in the street to tell her how bad their dating lives are. If the party couldnt fix all of these problems, we reasoned, it couldnt make them worse. Selfishly I also wanted gossip. All these stories about ghosts and disappointments and pain blend together after a while. I wanted lurid tales of unlikely pairs hooking up instead. We sent out our invites clarifying that the event was not an orgy. Straight men responded with an enthusiasm I found touching, given their purported reluctance toward singles events in general. One texted Youre doing gods work. Word spread and the event became a topic of gossip in itself. In the weeks leading up to the party, we found we picked up new singles everywhere we went. Occasionally, I would get a text from Monica saying something like found some hot actors for the party. We thought very carefully about the guest list. We talked to a lot of single friends about what is wrong with the dating world right now, what their ideal guest would be. There was to be no palpable sadness or barely contained rage, no manic ghosting or manic vlogging on TikTok after, a limited number of big egos. The number of freelance creatives in attendance had to be kept to a minimum. Monica and I discussed which of our own friends would be fun to invite, and the main criteria quickly revealed itself to be not outrageously beautiful or successful but more someone you would happily set up with a good friend and expect to conduct themselves agreeably. We invited some couples, too not in search of a threesome couples but the kind of people with a flirty, gossipy energy who love talking to strangers. Almost every single person we invited suggested a few single friends they thought would be good guests, too. We actually made a spreadsheet documenting who was bringing who, as well as the rough gender balance and whether guests were straight or queer. On the night of the party I felt like a chaperone at a school dance, greeting everyone as they nervously arrived. Some veteran flirts cruised into the room, had identified a target in minutes, and were soon issuing compliments about perfume and bracelets as a pretext to touch wrists. But there was another type of guest I learned far more from watching. There were beautiful, interesting women there who have been mysteriously single for years. I watched them stand with their coats on, zipped up, right up to the top of the neck, for the entire evening. One wielded an array of tote bags and handbags on both arms. They sat around her like a shield. She stayed for hours. When she left one couple who had met that evening were rolling around on a sofa making out. Her tote-bag shield remained intact. Some people would arrive with a clingy friend practically coiled around their ankle like a snake. At first I thought these friends had been brought by mistake, the result of a bad guess about the type of person whod be good to bring. But as the night wore on and, rather than being deposited into another conversation, they remained stoically attached, they looked more like emotional-support animals. Monica and I, and the other host-adjacent figures close friends and boyfriends retained our teacher-at-school-dance status over the course of the night. At one point someone wandered up to my friend Felix, Monicas boyfriend, and said Well, Im here, Im putting myself out there, what am I supposed to do next? She did the right thing, he said, she got in trouble with the assignment and came to ask a teacher for help. He introduced her to a nice man he knows. At one point I found a nice, tall, handsome man I know upstairs. Its fair to say he was hiding in a corner. I asked him, gently, if he would like to come back downstairs. Dont introduce me to anyone! he cried. He came down in the end and was a good sport, he ended up talking to a lot of new people. Fortune favors the brave. At another point, a woman sort of crashed up to me and shouted Im being soooo weird! I didnt know what to say. She certainly was. Im drunk! she shouted. Then she crashed away again, banging and bouncing off soft furnishings, walls, and people as she went. I shouldnt need to say, but perhaps I do, that if you go crashing about a party in this fashion, it is very unlikely you will take anyone home even if everyone has come to flirt. And flirting, I was reminded that night, is really not rocket science. Unzip your coat, set down your tote bags  relax. Dont shout Im being so weird. Lean in to how energizing flirting can be. The week before the party, I was having my nails done. The man doing them was telling me funny stories about all kinds of random jobs he has done. We had a good rapport. I told him about the party, and we both lamented the death of flirting. So are you single? he asked me. I told him no. Ah, okay, he said, Well then I hope hes handsome and rich. You deserve that. I dont know if he was straight, but thats irrelevant here. We were flirting. I tipped him generously. Flirting pays. Things you buy through our links may earn Vox Media a commission Have an account?

This is an edition of the newsletter Box  Papers, Cam Wolfs weekly deep dive into the world of watches. Sign up here. Ive never had so many people hit me up about a podcast before. On Monday morning, the hugely popular Acquireda longform podcast series, hosted by Ben Gilbert and David Rosenthal, that dissects the worlds biggest businessesdropped its latest episode. The subject? None other than Rolex, which merited a meaty episode totaling exactly 5 hours and 34 seconds, a huge undertaking even at 1.5 times listening speed. I was hardly the only one getting demands over text that I listen to the episode. In an interview Wednesday morning, Gilbert and Rosenthal shared that outside of their interview with Meta founder Mark Zuckerberg, no Acquired episode has racked up more listeners within its first 48 hours of posting than the Rolex pod. We can say with 100 certainty it will be bigger than any episode weve done, Rosenthal said. The response has been completely bananas, Gilbert added. According to the pair, some 250,000 people tuned in during those first two days. What makes Rolex such delicious podcast fodder is that its a universally recognized brand that remains largely shrouded in mystery. The brand doesnt do interviews, hardly interacts with the press outside of sharing news bulletins, and makes a highly desirable and extremely complex product that often requires some form of dark magic to procure. I cant make any better sell for both the podcast and Rolex than this After I finished devouring all five hours, not only was I not tired of hearing about the Crown, I wanted to talk about the brand more. I really needed to hear about Rosenthal and Gilberts descent into watchdom, especially because their perspective on the brandwhich focuses more on the marketing, branding, and Rolexs relation to the industry as a wholeis so unique. The duo mentioned that they recorded the podcast in a single eight-hour sitting ! and I forced them onto a Zoom to have another hour-long conversation with me on the same subject. Here, the pair discuss why the best parallel to Rolex is Apple, what goes into the making of an Acquired episode, and how Gilbert wound up channeling his inner James Bond. GQ This will be the most-listened-to episode outside of your sitdown with Zuck. Is it surprising to you guys that a watch-related episode is putting up numbers like this? Gilbert Not to me. David, I called you two days before this episode, and I was like, This is gonna be our biggest ever. Rosenthal If you told us that before we started researching, it would have been surprising. But once we got into it, no. Why is that? Gilbert When were making an Acquired episode, were trying to make it for the smart general public to understandanyone whos smart, whos curious, who wants depth, whos interested in how these businesses came to be, and whos interested in how the world formed, why the world is the way it is today. And at the same time, we want enthusiasts of the topic were covering and experts to listen and go, They got it right. So were not making the show for the enthusiast, but we want them to think this is the best, canonical thing on the subject. Frankly, its daunting whenever we set out to do this. And as we got into the Rolex research, we realized this has all the perfect key ingredients of the very best Acquired episodes we cover. Like Hermès, its over a century old and privately controlled. And like Costco, theyre obsessive about doing very few things, doing them well, doing them in high volume. They make the best-engineered product in the world, certainly in its category. Maybe, period. Rosenthal The other element is that a huge portion of our listener base are investors of some type, and this is the greatest investment you could ever make that you will never be able to make. Gilbert So Id say if youre looking down the checklist for what makes for a great Acquired episodecompelling hero, great story, important to the world, well known, but no one knows anything about itit was an 11 out of 10 on all those boxes. How long has Rolex been on the list of potential episodes? Rosenthal Our process is both fluid and somewhat rigid, in that weve known we were gonna do this and do it this month for a long time. Whats a long time? Rosenthal A year. Programming-wise, we try and think about it over the course of a year, and then seasons within a year of the right mix. In 2023, we did LVMH in February. Last year we did Hermès in February. And so February is now luxury month at Acquired. So after we did Hermès and the reception to that was so great, we were like, Okay, whats next February gonna be? And so this is an anomaly that weve known for a long time. Oh, its an anomaly? Rosenthal Usually its more fluid. Do you start researching while youre doing other stuff? Gilbert Yeah, but we dont treat it like work until three or four weeks before recording. But we become enthusiasts earlier than that. Like I joined the watches subreddit. I joined the Rolex subreddit. I started asking every person who I had lunch with to tell me about their watch. And at what point did you realize this was even more vast than you expected? Was there a moment when that crystallized? Rosenthal Mine was in the lead-up to really starting the research. I had in my mind that this would be our next luxury brand, and its one of the greatest luxury brandsits a little Hermès, its a little Porsche. And then I got into the research, and I was like, Oh, no, this is Hermès and Porsche. This is both in one single company. What do you mean that its both Hermès and Porsche? Rosenthal Hermès is the most canonical, best-managed, best-run luxury brand in the entire world. Bar none. LVMH is just playing a different ball game. Porsche has lots of elements of luxury, but they also make a lot of units. Gilbert Its an engineering company. Rosenthal Yep. And so going into it, I figured Rolex is probably going to be more like Porsche. And then we get into Rolex, and were like, Well, they make a lot of watches, but theyre also the best brand. Gilbert I had one specific moment. I was in Hawaii over the holidays with David and my good friend Marc Bridge, who wrote his masters thesis on the Swiss watch industry, and hes been in the business selling jewelry and watches for 25 years. He said to me, No one knows for sure, but industry insiders believe Rolex produces 1.2 million watches a year. Thats 10 times more than Hermès makes Birkin bags at the same price point. That was very different than I was thinking about it before. Rosenthal with his Daytona and Datejust Because you thought they were more scarce? Gilbert Yeah, previous to that conversation, I thought they were more scarce. That was the first inkling I had that this is a mass-market product that somehow, curiously and paradoxically, has maintained its brand of being something that means something really special to a whole lot of people that I think is the paradox. The magic of it is that they have their Birkinwhich is probably the Daytonabut then they have this whole funnel of other coveted products. Its like if Hermès perfume were also an heirloom-level product that people saved their whole life to buy. Rosenthal We had brunch a couple of days ago, right before the episode came out, with the CEO of a 150 billion public company. Hes wearing a Submariner, and it is incredibly meaningful to him. He could buy any watch in the entire world, and this is the watch that he has. So when youre making this episode, are you guys doing this research separately? Because it sounds like youre having a conversation and discovering new information on the podcast. Gilbert Our goal is to communicate about the substance of the episode as little as possible to maintain that organic spark when we do get together. You need to share the scaffolding, the structure. And are each of you focusing on different areas? Rosenthal Its like a cruise ship. Gilbert David is our tour guide through the universe but then Ive got acts along the way where were going to pause the boat and everyones going to get off and youre going to go and learn about this thing. As youre learning this stuff, did you find that watches and watchmaking was the most difficult barrier of entry to an episode that youve done? Just having to learn all the mechanics and jargon? Gilbert Weirdly, no. Everything about how watches work made intrinsic sense to me. Rosenthal Compared to semiconductors Gilbert Or Novo Nordisk a Danish pharmaceutical company. Like trying to learn the science well enough that we could then explain it and simplify it on air of how a GLP-1 receptor works, thats way harder. What was the process like of leaning the mechanical side? Gilbert First, I talked to Marc Bridge a lot. Then, I listened to Ben Clymer on Talking Watches and a podcast interview on Business Breakdowns. So I picked up the lingo from just hearing enough people say things like escapement and movement. And then I started watching Teddy Baldassarre, and he was great. I found this channel called Animagraffs, which does full 3D renders of how complex engineering systems work, and they have this one of how a mechanical watch works. Id say that video was my a-ha moment. So maybe the watchmaking piece itself wasnt challenging, but Rolex is infamously so secretive. Was this the most opaque business youve covered? Gilbert The most secretive. Rosenthal Mars is pretty close. Mars, really? You would not think itd be chocolate. Rosenthal The family is maniacal about staying out of the press. Rolex is more secretive. Luckily, for us, our main process doesnt really need to involve the company, which is an artifact of when we started and nobody knew or cared who we were and so no companies would ever talk to us. We just got good at telling their stories without them. Gilbert In fact, Jensen Huang, co-founder and CEO of Nvidia listened to our first Nvidia episode and then had his head of comms reach out and say, Jensen wants to know who your sources were at the company. We didnt talk to anyone. Rosenthal The fact that it was secretive was greatwe knew it was going to be catnip for our listeners. It didnt really intimidate us. You guys have done LVMH, Hermès and been swimming in this really high-end luxury pool. How does the watch industry differ from leather goods, fashion, and jewelry? Rosenthal Most obvious just industry-wise is that Rolex dominates it. Thats not true in the rest of the luxury industry. I may think that Hermès is the best brand out there, but they dont dominate the whole industry like Rolex does. We can have religious arguments about which brands are better or worse than RolexPatek, Audemars, whatever, but when it comes to an industry or business standpoint, theyre tiny. Gilbert You asked for differences, but one way in which theyre similar that I find really interesting is that Rolex started with no intention of being a luxury brand, with little intention of making lifestyle products, and with almost all of their value coming from practical function. And that is similar to other luxury brands Hermès wanted to make exceptional saddles that wouldnt fall apart when you needed them. Louis Vuitton made the best trunks for the steam engine age. Gilbert When you look at the old Rolex ads and see the prices, theyre expensive, but theyre not that expensive. Theyre maddening is what they are. Theyre a nightmare to look at. Gilbert These things used to be or were founded purely to create functional objects, often through novel engineering. And theyve moved into this completely different category of A self expression and B status indicator. Rosenthal One thing we didnt discuss in the Rolex episode, but I think really kind of came through what we learned with Hermès and LVMH, is that theres a difference between luxury and fashion. And this is kind of the difference. These are not fashion items. A Birkin is not a fashion item. A Sub or a Daytona is not a fashion item. This is a durable thing that is not going to change. You might say Im not in love with my Daytona anymore and switch to a Sub or Patek, but theres no trend in the market thats going to change whether Rolex watches or Birkins are valuable or not. Rolex is out for spring 2025! Yeah, thats not happening. And I think what the fanatics share is the admiration and love of actually using these things and seeing it beat up. You want to see the patination on a Rolex or a beat-up Birkin. Rolex feels like it has transcended the luxury space, though, because you guys talked a lot about Apple. What are the parallels you see between these two companies? Gilbert They both define their industry. Apple is not a smartphone company. What percent of the smartphone industrys profits go to Apple? It used to be somewhere in the neighborhood of 100. And for a while it was like 110, because other people were losing money. Rolex obviously isnt that, but theyre still this massive, outsized winner. Theyre both engineering-driven companies and design companies that seek to make the absolute finest products, and they do, but then they command an enormous brand premium on top of that. Thats why there are the most beautiful flame wars on the internet about Apple products, because the fanboys are both right and wrong. It is a better product. It is well crafted, it is a thoughtful design, and its also much more expensive than it needs to be for all of those increases in cost to make it that way. Rolex is exactly the same thing. Rosenthal Also, the way they market their engineering and development. Gilbert The parachrom hairspring! They both have this incredible brand patina, but are also mass market. Rosenthal Theres this beautiful intersection of the story of Apple and Rolex together. It was reported that legendary Apple designer Johnny Ive was bragging about how the Apple Watch was gonna decimate the entire Swiss Watch Industry. And it did, but not the entire industryit decimated the lower-middle market. But then for Rolex, for Patek, it was the best thing that ever happened to them. How do you think both the iPhone and the Apple Watch affected mechanical watches and Rolex? Rosenthal In my opinion, they were the greatest gift ever to the true luxury watch brands. Because all of a sudden, it made when you decide to wear a mechanical watch on your wrist all that much more of a statement. Before the Apple Watch, you could wear a mechanical watch and argue its for functionality. But then once the smartwatch is out there, and the Apple Watch in particular, youre choosing to say, Im wearing this mechanical watch. And that is a big statement about yourself. How did your perception of Rolex change from before you started your research to after? Rosenthal For me, it went from like, Im aware that a lot of people like this and it seems like an interesting company. Im aware that its a great luxury brand. Now, I think this is actually one of the companies I most admire that weve ever studied. Gilbert I think I admire them more than I used to before looking into it. I thought of Rolex as what rich guys wear, or what people who want to act like theyre rich guys wear. I was born and raised in Ohio. I never was part of anything fancy. And so to me, it just felt very country clubby. And now I deeply admire the culture, process, and the way they run their business, because in many ways, its the way that David and I like to run our business here at Acquired. We make the very highest quality product we can and make it as accessible to as many people as we can while maintaining that quality. Dont ever get ahead of your skis in terms of trying to overproduce or cater to the needs of people saying you need to do X, Y, Z. The goal is to think, Actually the thing that I make is pretty great, and Im going to be pretty conservative about leaving that lane. Are there elements of Rolexs business that youre going to take and apply to Acquired? Rosenthal This has been an a-ha moment. We, or at least I, used to think that Hermès was the most comparable business out thereobviously, were way, way, way smallerin how we aspire to run our business. But now I think actually what we want to be is Rolex. We want Acquired to be like Rolex. Because the problem with Hermès, and what doesnt jive with us, is that its exclusive. Very, very few people in the world can have it. We want everybody in the world to have Acquired, and we want it to be the best and the highest quality. Rolex is an example of a company that can do that. What was the most surprising thing you learned about Rolex in your research? Rosenthal I mean, I had no idea before we started just the degree of vertical integration that they have and that is unique in the industry. Gilbert The fact they didnt have a papered agreement with Aegler which made Rolexs movements until they bought them in 2004 is pretty insane. Whats crazier is that the vertical integration is just a byproduct of them outsourcing all this stuff. Theyve just been like, Gay Frères, you make the best bracelets, were buying you. Or, Aegler, you make the best movements, were buying you. Thats what they just did with the retailer Bucherer, too. Was there anything that was surprising about the watch industry at large? Rosenthal I mean, definitely that Rolex dominates it. Gilbert And I think the other one for me is that the very same product that became obsolete found a completely new market to address. It reminds me of Nintendo with the console crisis. I have no idea what this is. Gilbert In the early 80s, there were like 10 console makers that came in. You could go buy a cheap commodity, shitty console made by a no-name brand and it came with some random games and you played them, but they sucked. Rosenthal And so people decided that the home video game console is a Furby or a Tamagotchi and this was a fad Like a Swatch. Rosenthal Yeah, exactly. And then Nintendo came in and they were like, No, were actually gonna make really good games and were gonna take this really seriously. I do love the idea of being a consumer in 1981 and Nintendo comes out, like, Hey, we make really good games. Meet this guy. Hes an Italian from Brooklyn. Hes a plumber, and hes chasing this weird dinosaur. Anyway, the last thing I want to ask Are there any other watch brands on the list that you guys would do for Acquired? Or if there arent, which ones do you think might be worthy of a three-to-five hour episode like this? Gilbert The Rolex episode feels like our aircraft carrier. I could imagine building a fleet around it, but I cant imagine another five-hour watch episode. Patek and AP, for sure. Swatch is a great corporate story. Fossil almost has a great half-hour addendum. You didnt say Omega, which is interesting to meis it just because its too similar? Gilbert Omega actually would be great. I would do Omega in part because after trying out a bunch of watches, I quite like the Speedythat may end up being a watch that I end up with, and so Im now very curious about that brand before I let it represent me. You mention at the top of the episode you were both wearing Daytonas. Did doing this episode get you obsessed with getting a Rolex or some really niche reference? Gilbert I am in the absorb-the-world part of my journey. Ive been stopping at watch boutiques and vintage dealers. I was at the Rolex boutique in San Francisco the day we released the episode literally trying on every single model they had in every size just to see how they all felt on my wrist. I thought I wanted an Explorer, and then I thought the Milgauss was kind of my vibe. And then spending a lot of time trying them all on, Im like, I get the No-Date Sub. I put this thing on and I feel like freaking James Bond. I never thought I would arrive here, but this might be the watch. David, what about you? Rosenthal My dad got into watches probably 25 years ago, and so hes given me a few. Over the years, I have never purchased a mechanical watch, but I am lucky to have a few, one of which is the stainless steel Daytona. Now theres part of me that wants to go buy my own Rolex, because it feels like a milestone with this episodebut if I was gonna go buy something, it might be this. See all of our newsletters, including Box  Papers, here. More From GQ Connect  2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. GQ may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices

All products are independently selected by our editors. If you buy something, we may earn an affiliate commission. Lets come right out and say it The drugstore brand youve been using? Not good enough. When it comes to the best shampoo for men, were being sold short, gents. A one-size-fits-all approach will wreck your hair, to say nothing of the parabens and sulfates youll find in the average hair wash. It is important to consider your hair type when choosing a shampoo, says celebrity groomer Sonia Lee, whose clients include Steven Yeun, Mark Ruffalo, and Orlando Bloom. Men should be tailoring their shampoo and upgrading to one that fits their hair type from the jump so it can grow into healthy hair. Think scalp oil levels, hair texture, strand density, fullness, lifestyle habits, formula preferences, sensitivities, and hairstyling preferences. So, if every guy has different shampoo needs, how do we recommend the best shampoo and conditioner? Ive broken down my favorite shampoo for every hair type based on personal testing, along with advice and picks from the hair stylists and dermatologists I trust most. Amazon Dermstore Sachajuan Video by Adam Hurly Tested by Adam Hurly Key ingredients Argan oil hydrates strands while the brands proprietary Ocean Silk Technology complex delivers sea-sourced nutrients to balance strands and scalp alike. Theres no reason we cant just crown Sachajuan the best shampoo brand here, given its range of washes that address all different hair types and needseven one called Scalp Shampoo that keeps things perfectly balanced and simple. But the most universal option from the deliciously scented Swedish salon staple is the brands Moisturizing Shampoo. This comes as close to a 2-in-1 shampoo-conditioner without actually being one Sachajuan, of course, has conditioners for the whole spectrum of hair needs, too but this product gives any user what they need a non-stripping and proactively nourishing rinse that helps even the most vulnerable or difficult of strands. Were talking those prone to breakage and frizz, as well as those with stubborn coarse hairs or even curls and brittle grays. While my partner and I both have a respective Sachajuan line that we reach for, this is one of the few products from any brand that we both sharehim with his fine, dry, and wavy strands me with my coarse, dense, oily, and straight ones. Whenever one of us finishes showering, the other comments from two rooms away Oooh, Sachajuan shower? because that delicious smell permeates the air. Geologie Amazon Geologie Video by Adam Hurly Tested by Adam Hurly Key ingredients Tea tree oil balances sebum levels and mitigates both inflammation and flaking menthol stimulates circulation and soothes alongside aloe, while panthenol nourishes and squalane hydrates. Geologie has two co-washesthis relatively universal one, plus a smoothing option for thicker hairs. Of all the conditioning washes that have passed through this household, this one always gets drained first. It has supremely purifying prowess thanks to the tea tree oil and leaves the scalp feeling refreshed after a rinse, despite not actually being a shampoo. Read up on co-washing, if youre uninitiated. Ive used it as an actual conditioner, too, after a full-on shampoo, but moreover rely on this product to get me reset on the second or third day, when Im just not feeling a full flushing-out. My partner and I even bring it on weekend trips as the sole hair care product for those few daysit satisfies our very different hair needs while streamlining our regimen. Baxter of California Nordstrom Amazon Baxter of California Key ingredients Apple cider vinegar purifies the scalp, menthol stimulates circulation and counters microbes, and ginseng reduces inflammation. If you are prone to oily buildup or dandruffor even just build up a good sweat or wear product in your hairthen this is a must-have for your shower caddy. I would even argue that most guys should have a go-to detox shampoo, regardless of daily oil levels. That said, most detox washes are extremely over-drying, where Id argue this one feels a bit more friendly for regular use. Id still encourage you to try for a 2-3 day gap between shampoo sessions, though, maybe with a co-wash on the day between. This is a wonderful reset for your hair and scalp, something oily-headed guys are going to need on the regular. Even if your hair isnt particularly oily, this shampoo will give you amazing results. And because you can use this shampoo so sparingly, a single bottle might last you an entire year. If youre trying to cut down on your shampoo use but still like feeling clean on those in-between days, this is the hair care product to try. And, like any Baxter product, it smells so freaking good. Frederick Benjamin Walmart Video by Adam Hurly Tested by Adam Hurly Key ingredients Hydrolyzed wheat proteins fortify strands and magnify moisture, while menthol purifies and stimulates the scalp. Spearmint refreshes the scalp, and its tingle lingers. Heres a pick from Davie, which should satisfy guys all along the curl spectrum. This shampoo is a first-class ticket to refreshment paradise, says Davie. Coily hair is very prone to dry scalp and dandruff. You need a shampoo like Frederick Benjamins that can settle into the scalp and provide great texture. It wont strip away the much-needed moisture from your curls, and instead will flood them with the proteins necessary to stay defined. I encourage people to leave this particular shampoo on hair, with intent to reach the scalp, for a couple of minutes before rinsing out allowing those oils to retrieve full coverage, Davie says. The longer you keep it in and evenly massage into the head the better chances the scalp is stimulated for healthier growth. Davines Amazon Sephora Video by Adam Hurly Tested by Adam Hurly Key ingredients Olive extract coats the cuticle to prevent frizzing, while Vitamin E moisturizes strands. If this article were called Adam Hurlys Favorite Shampoo of All Time, then Daviness LOVE shampoo would be in the first spot. But my needs do not match every readers needs, so this product will have to settle for Best Thick Hair Shampoo in the meantime. It is so difficult to find a product that tames my thick hair while it cleanses. The entire LOVE line is like a relaxer for my untenable and rigid-straight strands and becomes even more essential whenever I decide to grow my hair out. If you have coarse or thick hairand especially if its on the straighter sidethen this shampoo and LOVE assortment is a game-changer. Corpus Naturals Amazon Revolve Video by Adam Hurly Tested by Adam Hurly Key ingredients Rice and jojoba proteins strengthen hairs, while squalane and panthenol provide the nourishment and hydration. This shampoo is more than just its delicious aroma, yes. However, we cannot ignore it Corpus woodsy scent is on the more masculine side of the scent spectrum, should you want some aromatherapy that might pair nicely with your cologne. Vetiver, cypress, and cedar take center stage in this one. I would pump this scent throughout my home, and happily deploy this moisturizing, fortifying wash through my strands any day of the week. Use it as a beard wash, too, if you want to smell it even more each day. OUAI Amazon Target Sephora Video by Adam Hurly Tested by Adam Hurly Key ingredients Hydrolyzed keratin forties and volumizes each strand while chia seed oil prevents frizz and boosts moisture retention. Here is an all-time favorite of my fine-haired partner, who demands a shampoo that fights gravity and gives his hairs extra height and fullness. OUAIs formula here has the ability to deeply rinse without causing any frizzing or fraying, unlike many shampoos that give volume by virtue of parching the hairs. So with OUAI, you get volume, density, and body, plus mega moisture to top it off. Neiman Marcus The Grey Video by Adam Hurly Tested by Adam Hurly Key ingredients Camphor and menthol boost circulation the former purifies the scalp while the latter is antimicrobial. Rosemary oil also stimulates blood flow while mitigating dandruff. Creatine fortifies strand structure, glycolic acid hydrates and exfoliates the scalp, and lastly, vitamin E deeply hydrates and reduces inflammation. If cost were no object, this would be our best overall shampoo, too. However, I do think that a 75 bottle of shampoo is tough to promote as a universal optionbut as a luxury pick, The Grey is a no-brainer. But this Dutch mens label really packs on the active ingredients, a difference you feel in the strands after rinsing you can peep the key ingredients above for that long list, which benefit far more than just thinning hair. While I never really advertise shampoos as the solution for hair lossyou need to take more clinical measureshowever, a shampoo like this can be a game-changer when it comes to maximizing the potential of your precious hair. If you have a stylable lengthlets say an inch or more, then you might notice your styling regimen performing slightly better after a rinse from The Grey. Its nourishing, its smoothing, its tingly and refreshing, and it smells brilliant. Prose Prose Video by Adam Hurly Tested by Adam Hurly Key ingredients This differs for every person, but look for vitamin B, honey, biotin, peppermint extract, green tea, and acacia collagen. Given that basically no single shampoo will work for every guy, the easiest way to find one for you is to go to a customizing brand like Prose. Among the brands many made-to-order hair and skin care products, this shampoo factors in everything from your hairs density and curl pattern, as well as scalp oil levels and sensitivities, plus the environmental conditions in your area think water hardness, air quality, humidity, and more. So, you receive something that doesnt just suit your hair and scalp needs, but that considers all the variables that make for a good hair day. Its hard for me to tout this as a standalone product, too, considering the fact that Prose builds out entire regimens targeted to your hair and skin, all of which work together to achieve those results. Ive always been impressed with Prose, even as my variables have evolved more hair density due to hair growth efforts, a few zip code changes, seasonal shifts, and length variance. But if youre wondering if Prose lives up to the hype, the answer is yes, absolutely. Sephora K18 Video by Adam Hurly Tested by Adam Hurly Key ingredient Peptides signature of K18s formulas pump proteins back into strands to prevent and target damage. Few brands have skyrocketed quite like K18, which went from 0-60 in a couple years time thanks to fantastic reparative formulas. The brands leave-in hair mask, despite the 75 sticker shock, is worth every penny if you have long andor damaged strands. And naturally, this balancing shampoo is part of its recipe for success. Not only does it flood your strands with fortifying proteins as it flushes away grime, but it also balances the scalp and strand pH levels. By collectively reducing inflammation and closing off the cuticles, it fights everything from frizz to breakage to swelling, all while giving your head its happy little rinse. If I need to look my absolute best on any given day, Ill do a full K18 routine, starting with this shampoo. It ensures I have no frizz, style-cooperative strands, and eye-catching natural shine for the next 24 hours or more. Olaplex Amazon Ulta Sephora Key ingredient Singular molecules from Olaplexs shampoo fill in broken bonds in the hair strands to fortify each one and prevent breakage. This shampoo just missed out on the best universal winner, thanks to its cult-fave status and ability to resurrect the saddest, most frayed, and damaged hair from the brink of breakage. Im even traveling right now for a couple of weeks as I write this, and this is the shampoo Ive brought along to counter the cool air and keep my strands soft and strong. Nizoral Amazon Target Key ingredient Ketoconazole neutralizes the fungus that causes dandruffand it likely even mitigates follicle-shrinking DHT levels around the scalp, studies suggest. For my job, I can call in just about every product I want to test, to use up, to restockIts a nice gig, I admit. But sometimes theres a product or brand that I dont have a professional relationship with, and I actually pay for the thing myself. Nizoral is one of those products I always keep stocked. I cant have a single conversation about dandruff control with my go-to dermatologist sources without this one being recommended. Not only that, but the active ingredient here, ketoconazole, is more than a fungal foe Its arguably the single worthwhile ingredient you can find in a shampoo that can temper follicle-thinning DHT dihydrotestosterone on contact, making it potentially the only true ingredient to seek out in hair loss shampoos. Though not a body wash, I spot-treat other parts of my body with this one too, since sometimes I get flakes around my nose or beard dandruff. Its a great groin-area wash too, if youre prone to jock itch after a sweaty buildup. It isnt something you want to overuse, though This one is drying, so I would only recommend using it as an active treatment to counter dandruff, or every couple weeks to keep the problem at bay. But damn, does it work quickly and effectively. And, if you have severe flaking or itching up top, you can ask your derm for a 2 upgrade of this one, which is available via prescription. Living Proof Sephora Ulta Nordstrom Key ingredients Peptides power the formula to provide added fullness to each strand, while phytantriol improves moisture retention and reduces breakage. This is one of the few shampoos that my partner and I will shareme for my extremely thick but straight hair whenever its grown out a few inches or more, and him for his fine hair at any length. It gives me just the right amount of movement, texture, and definition so that my hair doesnt look limp or feel unstylable. I tend to cut back on the amount of conditioner I use afterwards too, since I like the style-ready results of the standalone shampoo. Thats not a green light to stop using conditioner, but rather, to change your cadence on the days you shampoo. Living Proof is also one of the best brands for finding a product that works with any hair type, not just this Full line that promises volume and texture. Church California Church California Key ingredients Oils of argan, coconut, shea butter, and more provide thorough nourishment throughout the cleanse. I find most shampoo bars feel like a solution for getting around TSAs liquid regulations while flying, as opposed to actually great shampoos. But along comes Church, one of the USs best barbershops and maker of some A hair stylers, with its first hair care product as well as a conditioning bar to match it. I dont know if theres a liquid shampoo that can go toe to toe with Churchs bar shampoo in terms of fortifying and conditioning ingredients. Id go so far as to call it a co-wash for this fact, not to mention, it will also outlast any liquid shampoo that you buy, tooassuming you dont store it in a pool of water. The first step to finding the right shampoo is to understand your variables. This means your strands overall texture so, its curl or wave pattern, or lack thereof, as well as the individual strand density, the oil levels in your scalp, any sensitivities, etc. Finding a shampoo that matches your needsand learning the right cadence of using itis crucial for healthy hair. I recommend everyone tailor their routine to what works best for them and not just use products that are popular at the time, Lee adds. Whether you have short or long hair, your scalp health is important to focus on and make sure you give it what it needs. Celebrity groomer Dan Perri with A-list clients like Post Malone, Gerard Butler, and Brendan Fraser adds that mens hair needs and variables might even change as time goes onaside from just natural thinning. If you are someone whos had the same shampoo for years it, may be time for a switch, he says. For further evidence of why this is important, here is insight from Lee and Perri into how different textures, lengths, and oil levels impact your shampoo needs, plus advice on what kind of product to seek with each variable. And remember, you may have to combine variables like, if you have curly hair or straight hair, you will also need to consider if it is coarse and thick, or fine and fragile, as well as oil levels or dryness. Curly hair Curly hair dries out faster than straight hair. Look for hydration to keep the moisture locked in, Lee says. Coily hair Coily hair gets easily damaged and can be frizzy, Lee says. Id look for products that strengthen and moisturize. Straight hair The big issue here is that straight hair can become lifeless when its long, or rigid when its short. I suggest shampoos that focus on shine and smoothing, Lee says. This will give you more control over its stylability, and provide some eye-catching definition. Finethin hair Fine hair is when you have lots of hair with a small diameter with thin hair. It can also be more vulnerable to breakage or dehydration as a result. I would choose volumizing shampoos to bring more life to the hair, or a gentle shampoo to prevent any harsh breakage, Lee says. Thinning hair Thinning hair as opposed to thin hair speaks to hair that is losing its overall density, whether it is through rapid shedding, recession, or collective strand shrinkage. I would opt for volumizing and strengthening shampoos here, says Lee. Dont put a lot of emphasis on a shampoo as your solution for hair loss, either. There are other and actual remedies for hair regrowth. Oily scalp and hair Clarifying shampooswhich contain ingredients like salicylic acid, acetic acid and sulfatescan effectively remove oil from the scalp and hair, Lee explains. I would suggest a product that isnt too stripping so that your natural oils, though. This can be a tough line to toe, since you want to get rid of excess grime, but not dehydrate things entirely. Short hair These close-cropped styles arent as influenced by hair texture, so does it matter which shampoo you use? Perri says yes When it comes to short hairstyles on men, finding a mild shampoo would be more suitable. Longer hair needs a more thorough cleanse. For you, a more one size fits all approach is more acceptable, but choose a product that balances the scalp and nourishes strands, like the best universal pick Ive chosen. Dry scalp and hair Look for shampoos that offer hydration and moisture control, Lee says. Some hydrating ingredients like aloe can also provide soothing benefits. Bald heads No, you dont need a shampoo, but Lee does recommend using a dedicated scalp cleanser a few brands will even make careful formulations that balance both face and scalp, but always double check that theyve endorsed this behavior before assuming as much. Sensitive or easily irritated scalps The main thing here is to avoid shampoos with artificial fragrance, and to seek those which promise a gentle, soothing experience for the scalp. If our roster doesnt lead you to a new favorite shampoo, then heres the best way to discover one that suits your needs Look for the salon-favorite brands that offer a wide range of shampoos and conditioners, since their entire focus is on providing customized care to different curl patterns, hair densities, and so forth. Our favorite brands that offer this variety include Davines, Paul Mitchell Tea Tree, Kevin Murphy, OUAI, Living Proof, and Kérastase. Note that these are not brands that have built their identity on targeting only men rather, theyre largely built on a foundation of professional hair carewhich is why wed encourage you to look towards them for the solution if you arent otherwise satisfied with our picks above. Half of them do appear on our roster, though. Many of these kinds of roundup articles are initiated by calling in a bunch of products and testing them in a short window of time maybe a few weeks or months, and then claiming expertise. For me, I am basing my choices on a decade of experience in this field and 8 years with GQ, at that. And while I have one head of hair with a limited number of variables, I have always outsourced expertise for other things, such as to my partner of four years, whose hair is thin, wavycurly, and dry, compared to my thick, straight, and oily pelt. Ditto for expertise from a curly-haired stylist for products pertaining to curls and coils, as well as doctors advice for dry, dandruffy scalps and guys fighting hair loss. Sonia Lee is a celebrity groomer and makeup artist whose A-list clients include Steven Yeun, Mark Ruffalo, Willem Dafoe, Brendan Fraser, Kelsey Grammar, and Orlando Bloom. Dan Perri is a celebrity groomer and barber whose A-list roster includes Gerard Butler, Post Malone, Brendan Fraser, Harry Shum Jr., and Machine Gun Kelly. Dr. Michele Green is a board-certified NYC cosmetic dermatologist. Darius Davie is a mens hairstylist and creative director of Groom Guy, a mens barbering and styling enterprise with various locations and pop-ups across the US. The Best Beard Trimmers of 2024 The 10 Best Moisturizers for Every Type of Skin The Best Mens Deodorant for Every Kind of Stink and Sweat The Absolute Best Face Washes for Men Subscribe to GQ for more Recommends content. More From GQ Connect  2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. GQ may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices

All products are independently selected by our editors. If you buy something, we may earn an affiliate commission. In the third season of HBOs Industry, we see actor Kit Harington morph into born-to-rule gentry tech bro Henry Muck, a man convinced he can save the world with lime-green-hued marketing. But during a soccer game between Paris Saint Germain and Liverpool in Paris this week, a vibe shift sent the former Game of Thrones star into the realm of low-key-aristo spectatorone with a jacket that may well be the most quiet luxury outerwear to ever appear at Parc des Princes stadium. In the stands, the actor skipped the usual parka or puffer and opted for an upscale olive suede jacket from the American retailer Frame. The slick, suede shell made for a quieter, stealthier flex than a leather jacket or swooshy wool overcoat. This is outerwear for guys who drink wine out of tiny glasses on the Marais before chanting mean names at a referee. A suede jacket is the kind of grail all guys should own. Texture-wise, its soft and supple, which is great if youre looking for touch of polish while keeping things chill. To really take the fit into the upper echelons of aristo steez like Harington, its all in the styling. The Industry star paired his jacket with a muted knit and stonewash jeans, but throw on a fringed brown scarf to dial things up color-wise. Also, follow the ol preppy trick of yore be sure to pop your collar, because thats what home-county heroes have been doing since the dawn of time. If you want to do stadium-ready menswear and fancy dinner reservations with a one-and-done grail, simply follow the Kit Harington formula. It works everywhere. Even on match day. Frame Neiman Marcus A version of this story originally appeared on British GQ. The Best Air Jordan 1 of 2025 Is Hereand Its a Sequel to a 2018 Classic Oxford vs. Derby Whats the Difference Between the Classic Dress Shoe Styles? The Brutalists László Tóth Is an Unsung Menswear Icon For SNL50, the Entire Cast Received These Watches 3 Major Style Swings to Take This Spring Sign up for Show Notes to get news on the latest runway shows, parties, and insider events on the international fashion circuit. More From GQ Connect  2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. GQ may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices

Leonardo Dicaprio is attached to several exciting projects right now. Hes starring in Paul Thomas Andersons One Battle After Another with Teyana Taylor and might be working with director Damien Chazelle to play Evel Knievel. The latest big name DiCaprio is teaming up with? None other than Rolex, which announced the actor as its latest testimonee Tuesday morning. The immediate dividend of this partnership is that DiCaprio should have access to Rolexs full catalog. This will make for some great watch spotting from a guy we already know is a fan of the Daytona. However, Rolexs ambassadorships typically go beyond strapping the newest timepieces to their famous partners wrists. The Crown is uniquely supportive of initiatives across a wide variety of disciplines, from conservation to sport to music and cinema. The relationships are long-term partnerships that sees the brand investing in each testimonees projects, careers, and passions, such as underwater explorer and conservationist Sylvia Earles Mission Blue and companys own Rolex Explorers Club grants. Think of partners like director James Cameron, who brought a Rolex prototypethat eventually entered the brands main catalogon his expeditions to the Mariana Trench. In that way, DiCaprio is right up Rolexs alley. In addition to being an Oscar-winning actor with an impressive roster of incredible films under his belt, hes also a prominent environmentalist who established his own nonprofit, The Leonardo DiCaprio Foundation, in 1998. The new ambassadorship was announced quietly in a new Rolex commercial after WatchPro reported on rumors of a team-up two weeks ago. The only signal that DiCaprio joined the family is the actor, as Jay Gatsby, looking into the camera halfway through the new Reach for the Crown advert. However, the actor does now have his own page on the Crowns website where he is described as a Hollywood icon and climate champion. And it doesnt feel like coincidence that DiCaprio shows up in the new commercial right after director Martin Scorsese, another Rolex ambassador with whom DiCaprio worked with on The Aviator, The Departed, The Wolf of Wall Street, and Killers of the Flower Moon. Scorseses Film Foundation, a nonprofit dedicated to the preservation and restoration of classic films, is supported by Rolex. No doubt the relationship between Rolex and the acclaimed director had some influence upon bringing DiCaprio into the fold, though of course, the latters accomplishments clearly stand on their own. Long before his official turn as a testimonee, DiCaprio was a Rolex guy. There are images of the then-20-something actor wearing a steel Zenith-powered Daytona ref. 16520 back in the 90s, and we even spotted him sporting a Daytona ref. 116509 Racing in December while seated courtside at a Lakers game. Heck, he even auctioned a white gold Daytona during his foundations annual gala back in 2016. The engraving on the back? Best, Leo. The partnership does bring up an interesting question, however Watch heads will note that DiCaprio invested in eco-friendly watch brand ID Genève back in 2023. Presumably, his participation in that seed round will constitute his sole investment now that hes a Rolex testimonee. Still, said investment speaks to his broader interest in bringing together watches and environmentalismsomething that surely didnt go unnoticed by the Crown, which just released its first public sustainability report. And now that DiCaprios firmly ensconced at the top of the horological heap, were fully expecting turbo-charged, Rolex-themed watch spotting at each and every red carpet going forward. More From GQ Connect  2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. GQ may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices

This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from. More From GQ Connect  2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. GQ may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices

