Proposal to relax borrowing rules described as sea change for debt issuance Chancellor-to-bes moves to relax debt brake marks historic shift in countrys conservative approach to borrowing Economists proposal for up to 800bn of funding under review as part of coalition talks The far-right party has made gains without seeking to moderate  rattling Europe and its largest democracy Friedrich Merz wird versuchen, mit einer moderaten Koalition zu regieren, während der Rückhalt für extremistische politische Kräfte zunimmt Friedrich Merz will try to govern with a moderate coalition at a time of rising support for extremist political forces Debate over multibillion-euro top-up to military fund is playing a central role in exploratory coalition discussions Head of Bundestag intelligence committee calls on government to be clear about impact of malign actors The defence of freedom at home and in Europe is the paramount task facing likely next chancellor Friedrich Merz Also in todays newsletter, will Big Pharma pay into the UNs new biodiversity fund? Far-right parliamentary group embraces radicals after record gains in Sundays election Also in this newsletter can European lawmakers convince the US to change its tone on digital taxes? Incoming chancellor Friedrich Merz says he will try to adopt a constitutional change in the next 30 days CDU leader has vowed to seal negotiations with Social Democrats by April German election winner says he will hold talks with other parties to adopt constitutional change in next 30 days The first moves by Germanys chancellor-designate are bold and encouraging Israeli prime ministers office describes Friedrich Merzs gesture as overt defiance of international court German election winner could struggle to reform strict borrowing rules due to opposition in next parliament Non-voters and young people turned out for the AfD and far left, depriving the CDU of an enthusiastic mandate Friedrich Merz says the Trump administration is largely indifferent to Europes fate Also in this newsletter Emmanuel Macron tries to woo Trump Expectations of Germanys next chancellor are already sky-high but coalition talks will be tough Friedrich Merzs Christian Democrats are poised to win, as Social Democratic party faces its worst result since 1887 Christian Democrats secure under 30 of vote, while far-right AfD comes in historic second place

Billionaires new focus has led to job cuts and longer hours for workers at company that aims to rival Elon Musks SpaceX Assets under management fell 2 last year as investors pull back from investing in sector US federal court expedites trial to this autumn Winemakers are battling shifting tastes as oversupply dents prices Manufacturing, retail and food sectors highlight coming shocks after duties on Canada, Mexico and China imposed iPhone maker has filed a complaint to the Investigatory Powers Tribunal over demand to access encrypted data Supplier to key brands estimates levies could increase annual costs between 200mn and 450mn before it takes defensive measures Scientists warn big obstacles, including ethical questions, remain in efforts to restore extinct species Big-box US retailer says it expects meaningful year-over-year profit pressure in first quarter Insiders worry about the diminution of states unique jurisprudence after move to limit shareholder lawsuits After wielding a chainsaw to the federal budget, managing consulting contracts may be next on the chopping block Founder Mark Penn hopes to double revenues and capitalise on upheaval at rivals Aircraft servicer AAR is seeking to convince Washington that utilising used parts could save money Close ties to Nvidia and Microsoft are the secret sauce but any big dependency is a valuation risk Kroger chief resigns after a board investigation into personal conduct while Albertsons leader will retire Jonathan Kaye entered plea deal and will work at Rothschild as global co-head for business services in North America Start-up raises 3.5bn from Silicon Valley venture firms in race against OpenAI and DeepSeek Freed from the familys control, the USs biggest egg producer may attract a buyer US payments start-up completes share sale as business rebounds after period of low customer spending Mark Walter and Thomas Tull want to use artificial intelligence to spur innovation in their finance, sport and media holdings Elon Musks company, like the US itself, seems like a sell Renewables developers say upfront agreements to buy power are increasingly vital to make projects happen Chevrolet Silverados complex supply chain leaves it particularly vulnerable to a looming trade war Deal for health software company would be most valuable leveraged buyout in healthcare sector this year High interest rates and uncertainty over immigration policy discourage homeowners from selling or renovating properties Discover unmissable flagship events and members only communities to expand your thinking and elevate your career

Then Rs4335 per month. Complete digital access to quality FT journalism on any device. Cancel anytime during your trial. Essential digital access to quality FT journalism on any device. Pay a year upfront and save 20. Complete digital access to quality FT journalism with expert analysis from industry leaders. Pay a year upfront and save 20. Complete digital access to quality analysis and expert insights, complemented with our award-winning Weekend Print edition. Terms  Conditions apply See why over a million readers pay to read the Financial Times.

Plus retail investor sentiment and Doge job cuts In address to Congress president doubles down on levies and insists he will get Greenland China dominates market in metals used in range of products, including those crucial for national security Sanctions have accelerated the rise of Nvidias rivals as they seize a shift in AI use Investors fret that aggressively protectionist trade policy will hurt economy Agriculture industry warns customers are looking elsewhere for key commodities Change comes after thousands of workers were fired, causing chaos across the US Presidents protectionist moves spark concerns about retaliation and damage from escalating trade war Manufacturing, retail and food sectors highlight coming shocks after duties on Canada, Mexico and China imposed America is trying to undo the very system of open trade that it created Chancellor says growth and inflation will be hit by fallout from global friction Canada also responds as president rules out last-minute negotiations over levies Supplier to key brands estimates levies could increase annual costs between 200mn and 450mn before it takes defensive measures Behold, the messy sausage-making of US budgets Big-box US retailer says it expects meaningful year-over-year profit pressure in first quarter Traders had been expecting cartel to postpone plan to boost output And strong earnings As the president threatens a trade war, follow the latest on tariffs and executive orders Blueberries for Sal? More like no berries on sale Fees charged to transform ore have fallen to all-time lows as Glencore halts operations at Philippines plant Punitive import duties will neither reduce the US trade deficit nor boost employment in manufacturing SK Group, Posco and Lotte are merging or selling business units to streamline operations and raise cash US stocks fall sharply after president vows to press ahead with levies Taiwanese companys overture to Trump administration marks effort to ward off tariffs on imports Data fuels fears economy is losing momentum as tariffs loom Discover unmissable flagship events and members only communities to expand your thinking and elevate your career

Already have access? Sign in Monetary Policy Radar is not available with an individual subscription. Only organisations can buy it as an add-on to their FT Professional subscription. Meet our editorial team, dedicated to Monetary Policy Radar. Its sole focus is to keep you up to date with how monetary policy changes could impact you and your investments. Chris Giles is the FTs economics commentator and heads Monetary Policy Radar. He has taken this role after serving 19 years as the FTs global economics editor. He writes the weekly Chris Giles on Central Banks newsletter and a fortnightly column. He is an honorary professor of practice at UCLs Policy Lab. Before coming to work on Monetary Policy Radar, Andrew was part of the FTs corporate commentary team on Lex for almost a decade. During this time, he covered European banks, insurers, general financials, property and markets. He was awarded UK CFA Journalist of the Year 2023 for his work on the UK stock market. Andrew has a background in statistics and economics, and plays golf badly when he has time. Joel Suss is a data journalist and heads up the data output for the Monetary Policy Radar. He has a PhD from the London School of Economics, where he remains a visiting fellow. He was most recently a research data scientist at the Bank of England. Elettra Ardissino is a reporter on Monetary Policy Radar, covering global central banks rate decisions and forecasting their future moves. Previously, she was Europe Economist at a London hedge fund advisory firm. She has degrees in economics from Oxford and Warwick. Only organisations can buy Monetary Policy Radar as an add-on to their FT Professional subscription. For more information about how we use your data, please refer to our privacy and cookie policies. UK Edition

Robert De Niro plays an ex-president investigating a cyberattack, Paddington heads to South America, Kevin Costner ventures into Yosemite, documentaries explore Thomas Jefferson and the Baltimore bridge collapse, and much, much more. WSJ Arts in Review Staff Feb 28, 2025 American Primeval dramatizes a massacre in the Wild West, an American Manhunt documentary revisits the O.J. Simpson case, Wallace and Gromit make a winning return, and much, much more. WSJ Arts in Review Staff Feb 26, 2025 Severance makes a provocative return, Steven Soderbergh directs a clever ghost story, documentaries offer portraits of Liza Minnelli and Diane Warren, and much, much more. WSJ Arts in Review Staff Jan 31, 2025 Timothée Chalamet becomes Bob Dylan, Nosferatu is resurrected, Pedro Almodóvar makes his first English-language feature, a documentary reveals recent discoveries in Notre-Dame, and much, much more. WSJ Arts in Review Staff Dec 31, 2024 Wicked brings old-fashioned musical magic to the movie theater, Hugh Grant menaces two Mormon missionaries, Ken Burns explores the life and work of Leonardo da Vinci, and much, much more. WSJ Arts in Review Staff Dec 2, 2024 Jason Reitman re-creates the hectic lead-up to Saturday Night Live, Cate Blanchett and Kevin Kline star in a gripping story of uncovered secrets, Anna Kendrick makes her directorial debut with a film about a serial killer on The Dating Game, and much, much more. WSJ Arts in Review Staff Nov 1, 2024 WSJ Membership Customer Service Tools  Features Ads More Dow Jones Products

Commerce to Overhaul Internet for All Plan, Expanding Starlink Funding Prospects Listen 2 min Advertisement This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com. httpswww.wsj.compoliticspolicycommerce-to-overhaul-internet-for-all-plan-expanding-starlink-funding-prospects-74664efc By Listen 2 min The Commerce Department is examining changes to a 42.5 billion Biden-era program aimed at expanding internet access around the country with new rules that will make it easier for Starlink, Elon Musks satellite-internet service, to tap in to rural broadband funding, said people familiar with the plans. Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick has told staff he plans to make the grant program technology-neutral, the people said. That change will free up states to award more funds to satellite-internet providers such as Starlink, rather than mainly to companies that lay fiber-optic cables, to connect the millions of U.S. households that lack high-speed internet service. Copyright 2025 Dow Jones  Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 87990cbe856818d5eddac44c7b1cdeb8 WSJ Membership Customer Service Tools  Features Ads More Dow Jones Products WSJ Membership Customer Service Tools  Features Ads More Copyright 2025 Dow Jones  Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.

Advertisement If youre looking to save money, here are some things to consider when buying or selling a home. By Robyn A. Friedman 84 6 min read Borrowers are still on the hook but might be able to pause payments. By and  Photographs by Stuart Palley for WSJ 452 4 min read A home costs a lot more than just the mortgage. By 303 4 min read These ballooning expenses are rewriting the math of homeownership. By 2,165 5 min read Average 30-year mortgages have climbed to around 6.7 since the Fed started lowering rates in September. And they are only poised to rise further. By 2 min read Stock prices are booming, the job market is strong and inflation is falling in the U.S. But consumer confidence remains historically low. Dion Rabouin explains why Americans might not be feeling all that confident. Photo Victor J. BlueBloomberg News Octobers existing home sales report details the current state of the all-important U.S. housing market and how Americans reacted to mortgage rates that have declined, but still remain much higher than they have been in more than a decade. WSJs Dion Rabouin breaks it down. Photo Amid elevated mortgage rates and low inventory, many prospective homebuyers have decided to spend their new-home savings elsewhere. WSJ reporter Rachel Wolfe joins host J.R. Whalen to discuss. Photo iStock The recent verdict against the National Association of Realtors and large residential brokerages is likely to change the amount of commissions paid by home buyers and sellers, as well as how they are paid out. WSJs Laura Kusisto joins J.R. Whalen to discuss. Photo Tamir Kalifa For The Wall Street Journal Several states have rules that address paranormal activity in the context of a home sale. Wall Street Journal contributor Erika Mailman joins host J.R. Whalen to discuss what homebuyers can do to avoid living in haunted homes. Photo Illustration Marcy AyresThe Wall Street Journal, Mason Trinca for The Wall Street Journal Most Popular in Personal Finance 4 min read 6 min read 6 min read 4 min read 6 min read By Scott Hodge By By By By Scott Hodge By By By Whats News 6 min read 7 min read 5 min read 7 min read 5 min read WSJ Membership Customer Service Tools  Features Ads More Dow Jones Products WSJ Membership Customer Service Tools  Features Ads More Copyright 2025 Dow Jones  Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.

Trump Administration Readies Order to Bolster U.S. Shipbuilders, Punish China Listen 2 min Advertisement This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com. httpswww.wsj.comarticlestrump-administration-readies-order-to-bolster-u-s-shipbuilders-punish-china-d6a2749b By Listen 2 min The Trump administration is preparing an executive order aimed at reviving U.S. shipbuilding and cutting Chinese dominance of the global maritime industry. According to a draft summary reviewed by The Wall Street Journal, the order includes 18 measures ranging from raising revenue from fees on Chinese-built ships and cranes entering the U.S., to establishing a new office at the National Security Council to strengthen the domestic maritime sector. Copyright 2025 Dow Jones  Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 87990cbe856818d5eddac44c7b1cdeb8 WSJ Membership Customer Service Tools  Features Ads More Dow Jones Products WSJ Membership Customer Service Tools  Features Ads More Copyright 2025 Dow Jones  Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.

Advertisement Buying an additional eSIM can be an alternative to pricey phone-company travel plans, but be prepared for a steep learning curve. By 28 5 min read Google and HP are betting that Project Starline will usher in a new era of 3-D communications that doesnt require a headset or glasses. By 4 min read The secret to becoming an empathetic confidant is avoiding some common human mistakes. By Jamil Zaki 41 6 min read A few digital hygiene measures can help secure online accounts and passwords. By 3 min read Big battery gains, big price jumpand no more home button. By 83 4 min read Bill Gates is among the billionaires whove met with Donald Trump before the former president returns to office. In an interview with WSJ, Gates said they spoke about global health issues, and he was impressed with Trumps interest. Photo Sam Painter for The Wall Street Journal OnlyFans has carved a niche out of the 250 billion creator economy by welcoming adult content. CEO Keily Blair discusses why she thinks OnlyFans can be one of the safest digital platforms out there. Photo Ian Snape for WSJ Metas current Ray-Bans and its Orion prototype offer a glimpse of the sleek, high-tech glasses weve dreamed of, while Apples Vision Pro delivers a lot more function but too much bulk. WSJs Joanna Stern tests them all and charts the path to the perfect wearable. Photo Illustration Preston Jessee Unidentified aircraft flying only hundreds of feet from the ground have appeared in the skies over the Garden State in recent weeksincluding over WSJ tech columnist Joanna Sterns neighborhood. She takes a closer look from the ground. Photo Joanna Stern In this wide-ranging interview with WSJs Joanna Stern, Apples software chief Craig Federighi goes deep into AI privacy, preserving the art of photography, the idea of a sentient Siri and more. Photo David Hall Most Popular in Technology 5 min read 4 min read 6 min read 5 min read Long read By By By By By Eric Schmidt By By By By By Eric Schmidt Whats News 6 min read 7 min read 5 min read 7 min read 5 min read WSJ Membership Customer Service Tools  Features Ads More Dow Jones Products WSJ Membership Customer Service Tools  Features Ads More Copyright 2025 Dow Jones  Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.

Credit Cards Loans Banking Mortgages Insurance Credit Monitoring Personal Finance Small Business Taxes Help for Low Credit Scores Investing SELECT All Credit Cards Find the Credit Card for You Best Credit Cards Best Rewards Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best 0 APR Credit Cards Best Balance Transfer Credit Cards Best Cash Back Credit Cards Best Credit Card Welcome Bonuses Best Credit Cards to Build Credit SELECT All Loans Find the Best Personal Loan for You Best Personal Loans Best Debt Consolidation Loans Best Loans to Refinance Credit Card Debt Best Loans with Fast Funding Best Small Personal Loans Best Large Personal Loans Best Personal Loans to Apply Online Best Student Loan Refinance SELECT All Banking Find the Savings Account for You Best High Yield Savings Accounts Best Big Bank Savings Accounts Best Big Bank Checking Accounts Best No Fee Checking Accounts No Overdraft Fee Checking Accounts Best Checking Account Bonuses Best Money Market Accounts Best CDs Best Credit Unions SELECT All Mortgages Best Mortgages Best Mortgages for Small Down Payment Best Mortgages for No Down Payment Best Mortgages with No Origination Fee Best Mortgages for Average Credit Score Adjustable Rate Mortgages Affording a Mortgage SELECT All Insurance Best Life Insurance Best Homeowners Insurance Best Renters Insurance Best Car Insurance Travel Insurance SELECT All Credit Monitoring Best Credit Monitoring Services Best Identity Theft Protection How to Boost Your Credit Score Credit Repair Services SELECT All Personal Finance Best Budgeting Apps Best Expense Tracker Apps Best Money Transfer Apps Best Resale Apps and Sites Buy Now Pay Later BNPL Apps Best Debt Relief SELECT All Small Business Best Small Business Savings Accounts Best Small Business Checking Accounts Best Credit Cards for Small Business Best Small Business Loans Best Tax Software for Small Business SELECT All Taxes Filing For Free Best Tax Software Best Tax Software for Small Businesses Tax Refunds Tax Brackets Tax Tips Tax By State Tax Payment Plans SELECT All Help for Low Credit Scores Best Credit Cards for Bad Credit Best Personal Loans for Bad Credit Best Debt Consolidation Loans for Bad Credit Personal Loans if You Dont Have Credit Best Credit Cards for Building Credit Personal Loans for 580 Credit Score or Lower Personal Loans for 670 Credit Score or Lower Best Mortgages for Bad Credit Best Hardship Loans How to Boost Your Credit Score SELECT All Investing Best IRA Accounts Best Roth IRA Accounts Best Investing Apps Best Free Stock Trading Platforms Best Robo-Advisors Index Funds Mutual Funds ETFs Bonds Got a confidential news tip? We want to hear from you. Sign up for free newsletters and get more CNBC delivered to your inbox Get this delivered to your inbox, and more info about our products and services.  2025 CNBC LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Division of NBCUniversal Data is a real-time snapshot Data is delayed at least 15 minutes. Global Business and Financial News, Stock Quotes, and Market Data and Analysis. Data also provided by

Credit Cards Loans Banking Mortgages Insurance Credit Monitoring Personal Finance Small Business Taxes Help for Low Credit Scores Investing SELECT All Credit Cards Find the Credit Card for You Best Credit Cards Best Rewards Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best 0 APR Credit Cards Best Balance Transfer Credit Cards Best Cash Back Credit Cards Best Credit Card Welcome Bonuses Best Credit Cards to Build Credit SELECT All Loans Find the Best Personal Loan for You Best Personal Loans Best Debt Consolidation Loans Best Loans to Refinance Credit Card Debt Best Loans with Fast Funding Best Small Personal Loans Best Large Personal Loans Best Personal Loans to Apply Online Best Student Loan Refinance SELECT All Banking Find the Savings Account for You Best High Yield Savings Accounts Best Big Bank Savings Accounts Best Big Bank Checking Accounts Best No Fee Checking Accounts No Overdraft Fee Checking Accounts Best Checking Account Bonuses Best Money Market Accounts Best CDs Best Credit Unions SELECT All Mortgages Best Mortgages Best Mortgages for Small Down Payment Best Mortgages for No Down Payment Best Mortgages with No Origination Fee Best Mortgages for Average Credit Score Adjustable Rate Mortgages Affording a Mortgage SELECT All Insurance Best Life Insurance Best Homeowners Insurance Best Renters Insurance Best Car Insurance Travel Insurance SELECT All Credit Monitoring Best Credit Monitoring Services Best Identity Theft Protection How to Boost Your Credit Score Credit Repair Services SELECT All Personal Finance Best Budgeting Apps Best Expense Tracker Apps Best Money Transfer Apps Best Resale Apps and Sites Buy Now Pay Later BNPL Apps Best Debt Relief SELECT All Small Business Best Small Business Savings Accounts Best Small Business Checking Accounts Best Credit Cards for Small Business Best Small Business Loans Best Tax Software for Small Business SELECT All Taxes Filing For Free Best Tax Software Best Tax Software for Small Businesses Tax Refunds Tax Brackets Tax Tips Tax By State Tax Payment Plans SELECT All Help for Low Credit Scores Best Credit Cards for Bad Credit Best Personal Loans for Bad Credit Best Debt Consolidation Loans for Bad Credit Personal Loans if You Dont Have Credit Best Credit Cards for Building Credit Personal Loans for 580 Credit Score or Lower Personal Loans for 670 Credit Score or Lower Best Mortgages for Bad Credit Best Hardship Loans How to Boost Your Credit Score SELECT All Investing Best IRA Accounts Best Roth IRA Accounts Best Investing Apps Best Free Stock Trading Platforms Best Robo-Advisors Index Funds Mutual Funds ETFs Bonds Sean Conlon is a CNBC associate reporter. Got a confidential news tip? We want to hear from you. Sign up for free newsletters and get more CNBC delivered to your inbox Get this delivered to your inbox, and more info about our products and services.  2025 CNBC LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Division of NBCUniversal Data is a real-time snapshot Data is delayed at least 15 minutes. Global Business and Financial News, Stock Quotes, and Market Data and Analysis. Data also provided by

Small Business Personal Finance Credit Monitoring Help for Low Credit Scores Investing Follow Select Saving up for a down payment is no mean feat According to Bankrates 2025 Home Affordability Report, more than half of hopeful homebuyers cite down payments and closing costs as a very significant obstacle to homeownership. But there are options for borrowers who have little or even nothing to put down, from community mortgages from private lenders to government-backed options like USDA and VA loans. CNBC Select has named the best lenders for mortgages with low down payments in a variety of categories. See our methodology for more on how we made our selections Apply online for rates. Conventional, FHA, VA, USDA, Arrive Home, Zero Down, jumbo, renovation, refinancing, reverse mortgages, home equity loans 10 to 30 years 540 for FHA, VA and USDA loans 600 for Zero Down 620 for conventional loans, 680 for jumbo loans. Nontraditional credit options available 0 for USDA, VA, Arrive Home or Zero Down 1 for conventional loans, 3.5 for FHA loans Whos this for? Dont have a lot saved up? Guilds Zero Down mortgage combines a 3.5 FHA loan with a forgivable second mortgage that brings your down payment to 0. Borrowers can be approved with credit scores as low as 600. Standout benefits In addition to the Zero Down mortgage, Guild has the Arrive Home loan, another zero-down mortgage for borrowers who earn up to 160 of the area median income. Apply online for rates. Conventional, FHA, VA, USDA, jumbo, refinancing, home equity loans, HELOC 15-year and 30-year terms for fixed-rate mortgages adjustable-rate mortgages have 5-year, 7-year or 10-year introductory periods 620 for conventional, no credit score requirement for FHA 3 for conventional, 3.5 for FHA, 0 for VA or USDA Whos this for? Check out New American Funding if you want to hold onto more of your money. At the time of writing, its rates were below average for both 15 and 30-year fixed-rate mortgages. Standout benefits You can be approved for a conventional mortgage with as little as 3 down and no mortgage insurance. NAF also guarantees closing within 14 business days, shorter than any lender on this list. Apply online for personalized rates fixed-rate and adjustable-rate mortgages included Conventional loans, FHA loans, VA loans, jumbo loans and proprietary low-down-payment DreaMaker and Standard Agency mortgages. 10  30 years 620 3 for DreaMaker or Standard Agency loan Terms apply. Read our Chase mortgage review Whos this for? If you dont take home a huge paycheck, Chase Banks DreaMaker loan could be the low-down-payment mortgage for you. Borrowers who make up to 80 of the area median income can put as little as 3 down. Income requirements have been lifted in 15 metro areas  including New York City, Los Angeles, Atlanta and Chicago  and applicants in those cities can also qualify for a 7,500 grant to put towards a down payment, rate buydown or closing costs. Standout benefits Chase also has the Standard Agency loan, a 3-down mortgage for first-time homebuyers with a 680 credit score. Apply online for personalized rates Conventional, VA, Military Choice, Homebuyers Choice, refinancing, HELOC 10-30 years Not disclosed 5 for conventiona, 0 for VA, Military Choice and Homebuyers Choice Terms apply. Whos this for? Navy Federal Credit Union has three no-down-payment options for military families In addition to traditional VA loans, it offers Military Choice and Homebuyers Choice mortgages, both of which allow sellers to contribute up to 6 of the homes value toward closing costs. Standout benefits If you find a better rate with a competitor, Navy Federal will match it or give you 1,000 after you close. Homebuyers who buy a house through Navy Federals RealtyPlus program can receive up to 9,000 in cash back. Apply online for personalized rates Conventional, FHA, VA, USDA, physician loan, HomeReady and Home Possible, refinancing, HELOC Fixed 10  30 years, ARM 76 and 106 620 for conventional, 640 for USDA, 620 for FHA, 680 for jumbo, 3 for conventional, 3.5 for FHA, 0 for USDA or VA, 15 for jumbo loan Terms apply. Read our PNC Bank mortgage review Whos this for? PNC is one of the few big banks that offers USDA loans, zero-down mortgages backed by the U.S. Department of Agriculture for properties in select rural and suburban regions. Not only do you get a lower interest rate, but you can skip mortgage insurance and dont have to show substantial cash reserves. Standout benefits PNCs speedy preapproval process can get you an approval answer within 30 minutes. Borrowers in eligible locations may qualify for a grant of up to 7,500 toward closing costs, down payment or other costs. Apply online for personalized rates Conventional, FHA, VA, jumbo, HomeReady, Home Possible 10-, 15- and 30-year fixed-term conventional loans, 30-year VA and FHA loans, custom mortgages with fixed-rate terms from 8 to 29 years. 620 0 for VA, 1 for RocketONE, 3 for conventional, 3.5 for FHA, 10 to 15 for jumbo Already have a mortgage through Rocket Mortgage or looking to start one? Check out the Rocket Visa Signature Card to learn how you can earn rewards Read our review of Rocket Mortgage Whos this for? If you want the ease of homebuying from home, Rocket Mortgage isnt just an online lender Its the largest mortgage provider in the U.S. and continually tops JD Powers mortgage satisfaction surveys. Standout benefits Borrowers who meet income requirements can put as little as 1 down on a Rocket ONE loan without paying private mortgage insurance. Rocket also offers government-backed HomeReady and Home Possible loans, which only require a 3 down payment. If you are financing the purchase of your home with a loan, the down payment is the portion you pay up front. If you make a 20 down payment on a 500,000 house, for example, youll need financing for the remaining 80, or 400,000. The down payment shows a lender that you are financially invested in the property and unlikely to default on mortgage payments. Usually, it must be made with certified funds, like a certified check, cashiers check or wire transfer. In 2024, down payments for first-timers averaged 9, according to the National Association of Realtors, and thats the highest theyve been since 1997. If you put less than 20 down, however, youll probably need private mortgage insurance. Depending on the kind of home loan, there are minimum down payment requirements There are different strategies to saving up a down payment and most can be deployed in tandem. A high-yield savings account or money market account will grow your money faster and you can funnel a portion of your paycheck into it each month by setting up an automatic transfer. In addition, having it be a separate account will help you fight the urge to dip into your fund for other reasons. Consider how long you want to save for a home and devise a budget that lets you meet your goal in that timeframe. You may realize you need more time to pay down debts and improve your credit score to qualify for a better rate. Where can you trim expenses? It might mean eating out less, canceling streaming services or finding cheaper car insurance. If you rent, you may want to look for a cheaper place or even consider moving back home with your family. Another savings strategy is to commit to funneling any tax refunds, work bonuses, cash gifts or other extra money that comes your way into your down payment fund. The average federal refund in 2024 was 3,138. That can give your nest egg a considerable boost. There are several home loans guaranteed by the federal government. Guild Mortgage offers conventional and government-backed mortgages in all states except New York. The Homebuyer Express guarantee ensures closing in 17 days or borrowers receive 500 in closing costs not available in Oregon. While Guild received an A from the Better Business Bureau and scored highly on JD Powers 2023 mortgage originator survey, it was ranked near the bottom for mortgage servicing. Mortgage types Conventional, FHA, VA, USDA, jumbo Minimum credit score 600 for Zero Down, 620 for Arrive Home Minimum down payment 0 for an Arrive Home or Zero Down, 0 for VA or USDA loan, 1 for conventional loans  Return to summary  New American Funding is licensed to lend everywhere except Hawaii and New York and, unlike many lenders, displays sample rates online. While it ranked below average in JD Powers mortgage origination survey, NAF lands near the top for mortgage servicers and received an A from the Better Business Bureau. Mortgage types Conventional, jumbo, FHA, VA, USDA Minimum credit score 620 Minimum down payment 3 for conventional, 3.5 for FHA loans, 0 for VA or USDA  Return to summary  Chase Bank has branches in 48 states and mortgage advisors in 38. It guarantees on-time closing in as little as 21 days or eligible homebuyers may get a 5,000 rebate. Mortgage types Conventional, FHA, VA, jumbo, DreaMaker, Standard Agency loans Minimum credit score 620 for conventional loans, 580 for FHA Minimum down payment 3 for DreaMaker or Standard Agency loan, 0 for VA Return to summary  Navy Federal Credit Union is the largest credit union in the U.S., but membership is limited to active service members, veterans, Reservists, Defense Department staff and their families. The 1.00 origination fee can be waived if you opt for a 0.25 rate increase instead and borrowers can apply with non-traditional credit sources, like rent and utility bills. Mortgage types Conventional, VA, jumbo, Military Choice, Homebuyers Choice Minimum credit score Not disclosed Minimum down payment 0 for VA, Military Choice or Homebuyers Choice loans 3 for conventional loans  Return to summary  PNC Bank has more than 2,300 retail locations in 28 states, although it services mortgages nationwide. It has an A rating from the Better Business Bureau and scored above average in JD Powers 2023 U.S. Mortgage Servicer Satisfaction Survey. Mortgage types Conventional, FHA, VA, USDA, jumbo, PNC Community Loan Minimum credit score 620 for conventional, 580 for FHA Minimum down payment 0 for USDA or VA, 3.5 for FHA  Return to summary  Rocket Mortgage offers verified approval in as little as two hours, with an average closing time of 22 days, nearly half the industry average. Using the Rocket Visa Signature Card can earn you points toward mortgage payments or a down payment on a future Rocket Mortgage home loan. Mortgage types Conventional, FHA, VA, jumbo, HomeReady, Home Possible, Rocket ONE Minimum credit score 620 for conventional loans, 580 for FHA loans Minimum down payment 1 for Rocket ONE, 3 for HomeReady or Home Possible, 3.5 for FHA, 0 for VA  Return to summary  For a conventional mortgage, lenders typically approve qualified borrowers with a down payment of 5 or more. Anything less than that is considered a low down payment. FHA loans, VA loans and USDA loans are all popular types of low-down-payment mortgages insured by government agencies, each with its own eligibility requirements. In addition, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac back HomeReady, Home Possible and HomeOne mortgages. Many banks have proprietary mortgages with low down payments With Rocket Mortgages Rocket ONE loan, for example, you can put as little as 1 down without private mortgage insurance. The median down payment for first-time homebuyers between July 2022 and June 2023 was 8, according to the National Association of Realtors. Putting less than 20 down, however, will likely mean youll have to pay private mortgage insurance. Money matters  so make the most of it. Get expert tips, strategies, news and everything else you need to maximize your money, right to your inbox. Sign up here. At CNBC Select, our mission is to provide our readers with high-quality service journalism and comprehensive consumer advice so they can make informed decisions with their money. Every mortgage review is based on rigorous reporting by our team of expert writers and editors with extensive knowledge of home loan products. While CNBC Select earns a commission from affiliate partners on many offers and links, we create all our content without input from our commercial team or any outside third parties, and we pride ourselves on our journalistic standards and ethics. To determine which mortgage lenders are the best for low or no down payment, CNBC Select analyzed dozens of home loans offered by both online and brick-and-mortar banks. We focused on the following features We also considered CNBC Select audience data when available, such as general demographics and engagement with our content and tools. Catch up on CNBC Selects in-depth coverage of credit cards, banking and money, and follow us on TikTok, Facebook, Instagram and Twitter to stay up to date.  2025 SELECT  All rights reserved. The use of this website means that you accept the confidentiality regulations and the conditions of service.

Credit Cards Loans Banking Mortgages Insurance Credit Monitoring Personal Finance Small Business Taxes Help for Low Credit Scores Investing SELECT All Credit Cards Find the Credit Card for You Best Credit Cards Best Rewards Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best 0 APR Credit Cards Best Balance Transfer Credit Cards Best Cash Back Credit Cards Best Credit Card Welcome Bonuses Best Credit Cards to Build Credit SELECT All Loans Find the Best Personal Loan for You Best Personal Loans Best Debt Consolidation Loans Best Loans to Refinance Credit Card Debt Best Loans with Fast Funding Best Small Personal Loans Best Large Personal Loans Best Personal Loans to Apply Online Best Student Loan Refinance SELECT All Banking Find the Savings Account for You Best High Yield Savings Accounts Best Big Bank Savings Accounts Best Big Bank Checking Accounts Best No Fee Checking Accounts No Overdraft Fee Checking Accounts Best Checking Account Bonuses Best Money Market Accounts Best CDs Best Credit Unions SELECT All Mortgages Best Mortgages Best Mortgages for Small Down Payment Best Mortgages for No Down Payment Best Mortgages with No Origination Fee Best Mortgages for Average Credit Score Adjustable Rate Mortgages Affording a Mortgage SELECT All Insurance Best Life Insurance Best Homeowners Insurance Best Renters Insurance Best Car Insurance Travel Insurance SELECT All Credit Monitoring Best Credit Monitoring Services Best Identity Theft Protection How to Boost Your Credit Score Credit Repair Services SELECT All Personal Finance Best Budgeting Apps Best Expense Tracker Apps Best Money Transfer Apps Best Resale Apps and Sites Buy Now Pay Later BNPL Apps Best Debt Relief SELECT All Small Business Best Small Business Savings Accounts Best Small Business Checking Accounts Best Credit Cards for Small Business Best Small Business Loans Best Tax Software for Small Business SELECT All Taxes Filing For Free Best Tax Software Best Tax Software for Small Businesses Tax Refunds Tax Brackets Tax Tips Tax By State Tax Payment Plans SELECT All Help for Low Credit Scores Best Credit Cards for Bad Credit Best Personal Loans for Bad Credit Best Debt Consolidation Loans for Bad Credit Personal Loans if You Dont Have Credit Best Credit Cards for Building Credit Personal Loans for 580 Credit Score or Lower Personal Loans for 670 Credit Score or Lower Best Mortgages for Bad Credit Best Hardship Loans How to Boost Your Credit Score SELECT All Investing Best IRA Accounts Best Roth IRA Accounts Best Investing Apps Best Free Stock Trading Platforms Best Robo-Advisors Index Funds Mutual Funds ETFs Bonds Got a confidential news tip? We want to hear from you. Sign up for free newsletters and get more CNBC delivered to your inbox Get this delivered to your inbox, and more info about our products and services.  2025 CNBC LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Division of NBCUniversal Data is a real-time snapshot Data is delayed at least 15 minutes. Global Business and Financial News, Stock Quotes, and Market Data and Analysis. Data also provided by

Credit Cards Loans Banking Mortgages Insurance Credit Monitoring Personal Finance Small Business Taxes Help for Low Credit Scores Investing SELECT All Credit Cards Find the Credit Card for You Best Credit Cards Best Rewards Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best 0 APR Credit Cards Best Balance Transfer Credit Cards Best Cash Back Credit Cards Best Credit Card Welcome Bonuses Best Credit Cards to Build Credit SELECT All Loans Find the Best Personal Loan for You Best Personal Loans Best Debt Consolidation Loans Best Loans to Refinance Credit Card Debt Best Loans with Fast Funding Best Small Personal Loans Best Large Personal Loans Best Personal Loans to Apply Online Best Student Loan Refinance SELECT All Banking Find the Savings Account for You Best High Yield Savings Accounts Best Big Bank Savings Accounts Best Big Bank Checking Accounts Best No Fee Checking Accounts No Overdraft Fee Checking Accounts Best Checking Account Bonuses Best Money Market Accounts Best CDs Best Credit Unions SELECT All Mortgages Best Mortgages Best Mortgages for Small Down Payment Best Mortgages for No Down Payment Best Mortgages with No Origination Fee Best Mortgages for Average Credit Score Adjustable Rate Mortgages Affording a Mortgage SELECT All Insurance Best Life Insurance Best Homeowners Insurance Best Renters Insurance Best Car Insurance Travel Insurance SELECT All Credit Monitoring Best Credit Monitoring Services Best Identity Theft Protection How to Boost Your Credit Score Credit Repair Services SELECT All Personal Finance Best Budgeting Apps Best Expense Tracker Apps Best Money Transfer Apps Best Resale Apps and Sites Buy Now Pay Later BNPL Apps Best Debt Relief SELECT All Small Business Best Small Business Savings Accounts Best Small Business Checking Accounts Best Credit Cards for Small Business Best Small Business Loans Best Tax Software for Small Business SELECT All Taxes Filing For Free Best Tax Software Best Tax Software for Small Businesses Tax Refunds Tax Brackets Tax Tips Tax By State Tax Payment Plans SELECT All Help for Low Credit Scores Best Credit Cards for Bad Credit Best Personal Loans for Bad Credit Best Debt Consolidation Loans for Bad Credit Personal Loans if You Dont Have Credit Best Credit Cards for Building Credit Personal Loans for 580 Credit Score or Lower Personal Loans for 670 Credit Score or Lower Best Mortgages for Bad Credit Best Hardship Loans How to Boost Your Credit Score SELECT All Investing Best IRA Accounts Best Roth IRA Accounts Best Investing Apps Best Free Stock Trading Platforms Best Robo-Advisors Index Funds Mutual Funds ETFs Bonds Bella Stoddart is an intern at CNBC Travel. She is based in Singapore. Got a confidential news tip? We want to hear from you. Sign up for free newsletters and get more CNBC delivered to your inbox Get this delivered to your inbox, and more info about our products and services.  2025 CNBC LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Division of NBCUniversal Data is a real-time snapshot Data is delayed at least 15 minutes. Global Business and Financial News, Stock Quotes, and Market Data and Analysis. Data also provided by

