Editor-in-Chief Amanda Kludt is the former editor-in-chief of Eater and the SVP of Eater and Curbed. She started out at Eater covering restaurants in New York in 2008. Now she focuses on strategy and editorial direction. She writes a weekly newsletter rounding up news across the network and co-hosts our podcast Eaters Digest. Filed under Classic treats shaped like Mickey Mouse, otherworldly Star Wars themed foods, the perfect restaurant to watch the fireworks, and more of the best things to eat across Disneys Orlando parks Shared from Shared from Shared from

Filed under Every major fast-food chain, it seems, now has its own app promising deals, discounts, and a better diner experience overall. But whats the cost of convenience? When you pull up to the speaker box in the drive-thru at chains like Wendys, McDonalds, and Taco Bell, the first question you will likely hear is a distinctly modern one Will you be using our mobile app today? If you respond yes to the friendly cashier, youre asked to provide a code or other signifier, like your name, to help the worker identify your order. By the time you receive your steaming bag of burgers and fries, its possible that you havent actually spoken to any of the humans involved in preparing or serving the meal youre about to consume. Mobile apps have boomed in popularity over the past five years, with tens of millions of downloads. At this point, seemingly every major chain  including Chick-fil-A, Taco Bell, Wendys, Chipotle, Burger King, Dunkin, Starbucks, and Subway  wants you to order from its app. All of them promise a seamless experience to the fast-food customer. Instead of having to scream an order into a speaker as cars honk in the background, you can communicate your preferences for extra pickles and no mustard on your cheeseburger with a few simple taps. There are no language barriers to overcome, no disinterested teenage employees, just an eager-to-please mobile platform that seemingly exists only to make your life a little bit easier. And arguably, some employees lives worse. The mobile app trend in fast food kicked off in earnest in 2009, when Starbucks introduced the first ever mobile app to allow customers to pay for coffee with their phones. In 2014, Taco Bell became the first fast-food chain to offer both mobile ordering and payment. A decade later, almost every fast-food chain in the United States offers mobile ordering, payment, and perhaps most importantly, app-exclusive discounts. Today, fast-food apps are essentially a 21st-century iteration of the loyalty program, a marketing tool that retailers have used for more than 100 years to keep customers coming back. It used to be that loyalty programs were occasional, something you would find with a few really proactive brands in food, but apps have really supercharged these customer attraction programs, says Stephen Zagor, a marketing professor at Columbia Business School and consultant to the restaurant industry. But unlike adding a loyalty card for your favorite supermarket to your key ring, a mobile app can serve a wide range of purposes. It can remember your favorite order. It can suggest new foods that you might like to try. It can keep track of the points that you earn, and offer you rewards tailored to your preferences. It can also make restaurant service more efficient. Allowing customers to order in advance can streamline kitchen workflows, make it easier to predict foot traffic patterns to ensure that restaurants are properly staffed, and get food in the hands of hungry diners faster and more efficiently. Industry research shows that many consumers also find using the app more convenient than traditional ordering, and that consumers also feel like their orders are more accurate when they use the apps. This is especially true for younger consumers, many of whom view an app as a must. Im a baby boomer, and to me, hospitality is a smile and good service, Zagor says. But for my 29-year-old son, hospitality is a well-designed app that remembers him, that offers him opportunities to buy more easily. He wants the path of least resistance the human interaction isnt as important. As the old saying goes, if something is free, youre the product, says Frances Fleming-Milici, director of marketing initiatives at the UConn Rudd Center for Food Policy and Health. And when it comes to fast-food apps, the corporations behind them are hungry for data they can use to sell you burgers and fries. When you download an app, you can see what they collect, and its a lot. They can monitor your messages, your app activity, your location, your financial and personal information. Its all there for the taking. Mobile apps can obtain access to your location, even when youre not using them, to ascertain exactly how far you are from a restaurant. They also, of course, have access to your order history and the times you most frequently swing through the drive-thru, and can use that data to figure out how to market to you. Buried deep in McDonalds privacy policy, to which all app users must agree before placing an order, the company notes that it may use inferences drawn from collected data to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumers preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, or aptitudes. If you allow the Taco Bell app access to your social media accounts, it could use the data from those platforms to better understand the demographics of its customers and to inform its advertising and marketing activities. The fast-food industrys structure also plays a huge role in why companies are so hungry for customer data. Thats especially true for companies like McDonalds and Chick-fil-A, in which restaurants are run by local franchisees with varying levels of corporate input. The mobile app gives them a centralized way of collecting data on customers across different locations of the chain, says Yuping Liu-Tompkins, the director of the Loyalty Science Lab at Old Dominion Universitys Strome College of Business, which studies customer and brand loyalty. Once you have the data from the app, its easier to offer personalized coupons and targeted marketing campaigns based on what people have ordered in the past. Many folks may not care whether or not their favorite fast-food chain has their data  for a lot of customers, the trade-off between privacy and convenience is acceptable. But for young people, who are more likely to use fast-food apps than older customers, the consequences are more complicated. Fleming-Milicis research has shown that adolescents engage with fast-food brands frequently, both on apps and social media, and she says the discounts that the apps offer might be a little too appealing. What concerns us about these apps and adolescents is that they may be more vulnerable to this kind of marketing because of their still developing cognitive abilities, Fleming-Milici says. In adolescents, the brain regions that are involved with processing rewards are hypersensitive, meaning that teens are less likely to resist a rewarding cue like a discount than adults because they lack impulse control. Even for grown-ups who believe themselves to be savvy consumers, reward-based marketing can be far more persuasive than we think, especially when were on the precipice of earning something for free. Its been observed in previous research that as you get closer to getting the reward, it can put pressure on you as the consumer, Liu-Tompkins says. You will feel more motivated to buy more, or buy more quickly, in order to get that reward. Theyre using these more subtle psychological mechanisms that the consumer may or may not even realize. However you feel about using an app to order at the drive-thru, one thing is clear Theyre not going anywhere. In fact, fast-food brands view mobile apps as an essential part of their future, and theyre putting their money where their mouth is. Chains like Burger King and Wendys continue to invest hundreds of millions of dollars into their mobile apps in an effort to improve the user experience. McDonalds recently purchased a minority ownership stake in a mobile app development company for exclusive access to its technology. Thats due in large part to the fact that consumers really like using them. Most people find the idea of getting a deeply discounted order of McNuggets appealing, and dont necessarily seem to mind that their data may be used to manipulate them into buying more from McDonalds. The decision of whether or not to use the app at McDonalds or Taco Bell is personal. Liu-Tompkins is a regular user of the Dunkin and Chick-fil-A apps, even though she knows better than most how much data shes giving away. The biggest consideration for me in downloading an app is really How often do I go? she says. I think for many consumers, its just another cost-benefit analysis. The belief is that its worth sacrificing my data a little bit in order to get the deal. And for many of us, the deal feels worth it. If I dont use the McDonalds app to get 2 off my fries or score a free cheeseburger, it does feel a little bit like getting scammed into paying a few bucks more. But perhaps thats the future of fast food  if you want the personalized service of ordering from a cashier, maybe youll have to pay a little bit extra. If you want a sweet discount and a quick trip through the drive-thru? Well, theres an app for that. The freshest news from the food world every day Check your inbox for a welcome email. Oops. Something went wrong. Please enter a valid email and try again. The freshest news from the food world every day Check your inbox for a welcome email. Oops. Something went wrong. Please enter a valid email and try again.

Filed under Whether its air-fried in filets or roasted in large pieces with butter, salmon is a reliable home kitchen staple If you buy something from an Eater link, Vox Media may earn a commission. See our ethics policy. Kat Thompson is the associate editor of Eater at Home, covering home cooking and baking, cookbooks, and kitchen gadgets. Diners in the United States cant get enough salmon Its generally right behind shrimp as the countrys most-consumed seafood. Quick-cooking, flavorful all on its own, and amenable to all kinds of marinades and cooking styles, its no wonder salmon is such a reliable fish to have on-hand. Whether its for a weeknight cooking or an impressive dinner party main, these are the salmon recipes Eater editors love the most. Lisa Bryan, Downshiftology Salmon is the thing that got me to understand why so many people love their air fryers so much. That, and making the crispiest nuggets very quickly. I generally follow an approach like this one from the blog Downshiftology cook for about 8 to 10 minutes at 400 degrees, or until the salmon just flakes apart and is kissed with a slight brown crust. I love that I dont have to wait around for the air fryer to heat up, unlike the oven. I also appreciate the technique of brushing Dijon on top of the fish, though the same cooking parameters work even if you swap out the Dijon for another glaze or opt for a marinade instead. If all the air fryer did well was nuggets and salmon, both perfect and quick, I think I would still love it.  Bettina Makalintal, senior reporter Kay Chun, NYT Cooking With two young kids in the house, there arent many meals that satisfy everyone in my family. Either Im pushing something a little too fussy, or  as is more often the case  Im eating some form of chicken finger or pasta every night. This staple recipe is one of the few exceptions, and is somehow also chock full of nutritious stuff and simple enough for a busy weeknight. Its a real unicorn of a dish, and well-worth its permanent spot in our weekly repertoire. Theres nothing to it, really The salmon cooks right on top of the vinegary rice, and then its all scooped into bowls topped with avocado, cucumbers, and a sesame slaw. I now improvise by adding whatever crowd-pleasing veggies I happen to have on hand edamame, shredded carrots, roasted broccoli  so far, nothings failed. Garnished with torn toasted nori sheets I use store-bought seaweed snacks, the flavor profile hints at sushi, which we all love, and is endlessly flexible. Ive even taken to adding a squiggle of Kewpie and sriracha sauce to drive the point home.  Lesley Suter, special projects editor Shelley Wiseman, Epicurious This recipe, which is on a semi-regular rotation in my household, is the one by which I judge other salmon preparations. While theres not much downtime in the prep, the recipe is accurately timed to 40 minutes and reads like a cascading waterfall, with each step flowing seamlessly into the next. Most importantly, it offers a lovely balance of flavors, thanks in part to the butter thats incorporated into each step of cooking and gives the salmon a nice, buttery crust, as well as the compound butter that tops everything off. Each velvety bite concludes with a sharp hit of lemon and mustard. Although the recipe calls for unsalted butter, I like to use salted.  Brenna Houck, cities manager Alison Roman, A Newsletter I like to call this recipe Party Salmon. Its one of my go-tos when I want to make a show-stopping centerpiece for a few guests  theres something special and intentional about going to a fish market to choose a large piece of fish for an occasion. One of the recipes unique qualities is that as Roman implies its bagel-inspired, as it uses generous portions of capers, dill, red onion  and who doesnt love a good bagel? If youre new to cooking fish, rest assured the recipe is hard to mess up. After you simmer the toppings in a pan you put the fish into the oven for a short period of time. It comes out looking beautiful all you have to do is top it with dill. The salmons unctuous taste and buttery texture combined with tang from the capers, lemons, and onions gives it a luxurious feel, and I always get many compliments from my guests when I make it.  Terri Ciccone, deputy director of audience development Adeena Sussman As someone who looks for excuses to sneak preserved lemon paste into almost everything, I felt as though Id found my personal Xanadu when I came across this recipe in Adeena Sussmans first cookbook, Sababa. The salmon portion of the recipe involves two main ingredients, salmon and preserved lemon paste, the latter of which is spread over the former. The whole thing is garnished with preserved lemon slices and a little paprika, baked until its cooked through, and then parked under the broiler to develop some color. When people say a recipe could not be simpler, this is what they mean. Even if you make the accompanying fennel and orange salad, which I recommend, the recipe is still a low-lift endeavor, one that offers rewards disproportionate to the initial investment required. Salmon, lemon, and salt make beautiful music together, and this recipe broadcasts it in surround sound.  Rebecca Flint Marx, editor of Eater at Home Eric Kim, NYT Cooking I want to bathe myself in the buttery gochugaru-and-maple syrup glaze that is the star component of Eric Kims gochugaru salmon with crispy rice. This dish is all about textures  stickiness from the sauce, crispiness from the toasted rice, and crunch from the bright addition of cucumber ribbons  but the flavors are robust, too. Theres a mild heat and syrupy sweetness with rich, buttery notes, all mellowed out by the tang of vinegar. The first time I made this dish, I couldnt get over how easy it was, and how much the glaze enhanced a simple filet of salmon. Its a recipe I return to over and over again when I want to feel fancy without exerting too much effort.  Kat Thompson, associate editor of Eater at Home Prices taken at time of publishing. Eater and Heritage Steel have created a line of 5-ply stainless clad cookware that brings professional quality to the home cook. Our 5-piece set of cookware essentials has everything you need to begin building your kitchen collection and will last a lifetime. Highlighting the people, products, and trends inspiring how we cook now Check your inbox for a welcome email. Oops. Something went wrong. Please enter a valid email and try again. The freshest news from the food world every day Check your inbox for a welcome email. Oops. Something went wrong. Please enter a valid email and try again.

Gastropod is the award-winning podcast that explores food topics through the lens of history and science. Led by enterprising hosts Cynthia Graber and Nicola Twilley, each episode uncovers the hidden stories and surprising science behind a different food or farming-related topic, from aquaculture to ancient feasts, cutlery to chile peppers, and microbes to malbec. Listen on Apple Podcasts  Google Podcasts  Spotify  Stitcher Long before they were the stars of tropical drinks or controversial pizzas, pineapples were the obsessively hoarded, perpetually pursued symbols of the elite Dont let the threat of a scratchy throat scare you off from this deliciously starchy and versatile root veggie Filed under How careful science, a growers passion, and one adorable truffle-hunting dog combine to run the largest truffle farm in the country From full-on feasts in Foundation to intricate meaty platters in Hannibal, food stylist Janice Poon on how she tells stories that take place in fantastic worlds

Filed under Dive into this weeks big deals on HAYs colorful tablecloths, Collina Stradas sparkly water bottles, and Zwillings futuristic coffee machine If you buy something from an Eater link, Vox Media may earn a commission. See our ethics policy. Welcome back to Eaters weekly symposium on the best kitchen and cookware deals  the first of near-spring, no less! Last week, the deals went heavy on soup dumplings, restaurant-quality ceramics, and Momofuku noodle packs. This week, were diving into sales on items big and small that feel like a spring refresher when it comes to your at-home coffee corner, hibernating patio, or barren dining table. My version of spring cleaning starts with a thoughtful purge and a trip to Goodwill, and it ends with the acquisition of some beautiful stuff that hopefully will not only make my life a little easier, but a little bit cooler. Sure, there will be some painstakingly boring purchases Vacu Vin wine stopper fans, rise, but they also include small ways to elevate everyday rituals and goals drinking more water is way more fun when you get to do it out of a bedazzled to-go canteen, and hosting a party in your tiny apartment is less stressful if you have decent stashable seating to do so. Lets find you some finger-licking deals. Nordstrom isnt just hallowed ground for Barefoot Dreams blankets and Jeffrey Campbell pumps. The retailericonic tomato basil soup purveyor has a robust kitchen and home decor selection online, and many of its best knife sets, tablecloths, and Stanley Quencher lookalikes are on sale right now. Prices taken at time of publishing. A really great knife set doesnt have to cost as much as your monthly rent if you know where to look, of course. This 5-piece set from Italic includes a high-quality VG10 Damascus stainless steel chefs knife, paring knife, bread knife, nakiri knife, and a magnetic knife block. Prices taken at time of publishing. Your big to-go cup need not be a Stanley Quencher, a product that has slowly made the TikTok girlies lose their minds. The comparable but far less cringe Hydro Flask makes a 40-ounce travel tumbler, reusable straw included, that is on sale in a number of colorways. Prices taken at time of publishing. The Eater shopping team has been chatting a lot lately about the power of linen napkins, placemats, and tablecloths to pull together a tablescape while also protecting your table from drink rings. HAY, makers of all things Bauhaus-meets-hygge, has a perfect verdigris tablecloth to step up to the challenge. Prices taken at time of publishing. Androids dont dream of sheep they dream of Zwillings futuristic coffee machine on sale for under 200. Prices taken at time of publishing. Another way to drink more water? Make your vessel less boring. Collina Strada, the innovative brand behind this blouse that makes you look like a sexy shrimp to say nothing of the BAGGU horse bag collaboration makes one hell of a crystal-embellished to-go bottle for your hikes, beach days, and literally any other engagement. Industry West is home to some beautiful, investment-worthy dining furniture think, Ubald Klug-esque modular sofas, bar stools that dont feel like an afterthought, and stackable dining chairs, so when there are some nice picks in the Outlet Sale section, my Amex perks up. Prices taken at time of publishing. The chrome dishware and decor trend is everywhere right now, and these steel cafe-inspired chairs taps into the aesthetic in a timeless way. Prices taken at time of publishing. Listen, the majority of bar stools online are just really boring and really expensive 240 for this iron lung??. Industry Wests gunmetal bar stool, however, is a high-design, Frasurbane dream that is just begging for a cocktail night. Prices taken at time of publishing. Most of the country is still in puffer jacket mode, but spring is on its way. Give your patio or balcony a refresh with Industry Wests charming little bistro table in the brands versatile cream colorway. Prices taken at time of publishing. If youre looking for the sweet spot between a 600 Vitamix blender and a 18 immersion blender, step right on up to this personal Ninja blender, which will crush ice and pulverize veggies like a champ directly into its 24-ounce serving cup. Happy shopping. The freshest news from the food world every day Check your inbox for a welcome email. Oops. Something went wrong. Please enter a valid email and try again. The freshest news from the food world every day Check your inbox for a welcome email. Oops. Something went wrong. Please enter a valid email and try again.

The best burgers usually revolve around bespoke blends that cook up ultrajuicy, but this diner staple trades on one simple truth Crust is king. YIELD 2 TIME 40 minutes Do not use a stainless-steel or nonstick skillet here. You can use 85 percent lean ground beef, but 90 percent lean will produce a dry burger. Open a window or turn on your exhaust fan before cooking. Be assertive when pressing the patties. We strongly prefer Kraft Singles here for their meltability. To serve four, double the ingredients for the sauce and burgers and use the same amount of oil once the burgers are cooked, transfer them to a wire rack set in a rimmed baking sheet, adding cheese to the first four burgers, and keep warm in a 200-degree oven. Place on buns right before serving. Its unnecessary to temp the burgers because they will reach a food-safe temperature if cooked according to the recipe instructions. But for more information on food safety, check out this guide. 1. FOR THE SAUCE Stir all ingredients together in bowl. 2. FOR THE BURGERS Spread 1 tablespoon sauce on cut side of each bun top. Divide beef into 4 equal pieces 2 ounces each form into loose, rough balls do not compress. Place oil in 12-inch cast-iron or carbon-steel skillet. Use paper towel to rub oil into bottom of skillet reserve paper towel. Heat over medium-low heat for 5 minutes. While skillet heats, wrap bottom and sides of small saucepan with large sheet of aluminum foil, anchoring foil on rim, and place large plate next to cooktop. 3. Increase heat to high. When skillet begins to smoke, place 2 balls about 3 inches apart in skillet. Use bottom of prepared saucepan to firmly smash each ball until 4 to 4½ inches in diameter. Place saucepan on plate next to cooktop. Sprinkle patties with ⅛ teaspoon salt and season with pepper. Cook until at least three-quarters of each patty is no longer pink on top, about 2 minutes patties will stick to skillet. Use thin metal spatula to loosen patties from skillet. Flip patties and cook for 15 seconds. Slide skillet off heat. Transfer 1 burger to each bun bottom and top each with 1 slice American cheese. Gently scrape any browned bits from skillet, use tongs to wipe with reserved paper towel, and return skillet to heat. Repeat with remaining 2 balls and place burgers on top of cheese. Top with lettuce and tomato. Cap with prepared bun tops. Serve immediately. We are thankful to the sponsors who make it possible for us to bring you the Americas Test Kitchen TV series on public television. Read more about why we have sponsors. This is a members feature. Our test kitchen teams rely on the same rigorous development process and share the same commitment to creating reliable recipes and trustworthy reviews. We empower home cooks by inspiring confidence and creativity. We rely on science to explain the why and how of cooking. We bring the rich tapestry of American cooking to your kitchen. We rely on science to explain the why and how of cooking. We empower home cooks by inspiring confidence and creativity. We bring the rich tapestry of American cooking to your kitchen. The most important ingredient you! Sign up to be a Recipe Tester and join the 40,000 home cooks who test our recipes and provide our test cooks and editors with invaluable feedback. Thank you! Download the smartest cooking app around. Download the smartest cooking app around.

We explore the science behind what makes a recipe tick. We ask questions, conduct experiments, and get answersdelicious answers that you wont find anywhere else. First we seek out five existing recipes. We taste and assess them, noting qualities we like and any we dont. Next, we define goals for our version, and sketch out the most promising way to reach them. Over at least six weeks, we test and retest every recipe variable, learning from our mistakes so we can pass on that information to you. At lasta recipe that works perfectly in our kitchen and has been tested and approved by thousands of home testers. Were the flagship brand behind Americas Test Kitchens rigorous and scientific recipe development process. We make recipes that workno hit or miss, no drama. Our recipes have been prodded, tweaked, and perfected until theyre failproof in any kitchen. Recipes that always, always work - The New York Times Our test kitchen teams rely on the same rigorous development process and share the same commitment to creating reliable recipes and trustworthy reviews. We empower home cooks by inspiring confidence and creativity. We rely on science to explain the why and how of cooking. We bring the rich tapestry of American cooking to your kitchen. We rely on science to explain the why and how of cooking. We empower home cooks by inspiring confidence and creativity. We bring the rich tapestry of American cooking to your kitchen. The most important ingredient you! Sign up to be a Recipe Tester and join the 40,000 home cooks who test our recipes and provide our test cooks and editors with invaluable feedback. Thank you! Download the smartest cooking app around. Download the smartest cooking app around.

Editorial Director, Cooks Illustrated Amanda Agee is the editorial director of Cooks Illustrated. Early in her career she was a reporter in Hong Kong, where she developed a lifelong passion for char siu buns, egg tarts, and curry fish balls. An alum of Columbia Universitys Graduate School of Journalism, shes been on staff at magazines including Gourmet and Vanity Fair. She never tires of hearing peoples stories about foodwhat they ate or made yesterday, last year, or growing upand what makes those taste memories powerful. Our test kitchen teams rely on the same rigorous development process and share the same commitment to creating reliable recipes and trustworthy reviews. We empower home cooks by inspiring confidence and creativity. We rely on science to explain the why and how of cooking. We bring the rich tapestry of American cooking to your kitchen. We rely on science to explain the why and how of cooking. We empower home cooks by inspiring confidence and creativity. We bring the rich tapestry of American cooking to your kitchen. The most important ingredient you! Sign up to be a Recipe Tester and join the 40,000 home cooks who test our recipes and provide our test cooks and editors with invaluable feedback. Thank you! Download the smartest cooking app around. Download the smartest cooking app around.

You no longer need to fear the drudgery of peeling hard-boiled eggswith the right cooking method, the shells practically fly off. YIELD Makes 6 eggs TIME 40 minutes Be sure to use large eggs that have no cracks and are cold from the refrigerator. If you dont have a steamer basket, use a spoon or tongs to gently place the eggs in the water. It does not matter if the eggs are above the water or partially submerged. You can use this method for fewer than six eggs without altering the timing. You can also double this recipe as long as you use a pot and steamer basket large enough to hold the eggs in a single layer. Theres no need to peel the eggs right away. They can be stored in their shells and peeled when needed. 1. Bring 1 inch water to rolling boil in medium saucepan over high heat. Place eggs in steamer basket. Transfer basket to saucepan. Cover, reduce heat to medium small wisps of steam should escape from beneath lid, and cook eggs for 13 minutes. 2. When eggs are almost finished cooking, combine 2 cups ice cubes and 2 cups cold water in medium bowl. Using tongs or spoon, transfer eggs to ice bath let sit for 15 minutes. Peel before using. We are thankful to the sponsors who make it possible for us to bring you the Americas Test Kitchen TV series on public television. Read more about why we have sponsors. This is a members feature. Our test kitchen teams rely on the same rigorous development process and share the same commitment to creating reliable recipes and trustworthy reviews. We empower home cooks by inspiring confidence and creativity. We rely on science to explain the why and how of cooking. We bring the rich tapestry of American cooking to your kitchen. We rely on science to explain the why and how of cooking. We empower home cooks by inspiring confidence and creativity. We bring the rich tapestry of American cooking to your kitchen. The most important ingredient you! Sign up to be a Recipe Tester and join the 40,000 home cooks who test our recipes and provide our test cooks and editors with invaluable feedback. Thank you! Download the smartest cooking app around. Download the smartest cooking app around.

This everyday ingredient works like magic to give you a smooth and creamy cheese sauce in under 5 minutes. Serious Eats  Amanda Suarez Warning This technique only works with aspirin-free Alka-Seltzer, which is sold under the Alka-Seltzer Gold label. The ingredient list should only contain anhydrous citric acid, potassium bicarbonate, and sodium bicarbonate. Do not, under any circumstances, use Alka-Seltzer with aspirin in this recipe The presence of aspirin could pose extremely serious health risks to anyone who consumes it in this cheese sauce and must be avoided. What if I told you that theres a way to make a cheese sauce as smooth and creamy as a jar of Velveeta from just about any melting cheese with nothing more than a single innocuous ingredient that is possibly already in your medicine cabinet. Thats right no emulsifying salts that require a special order, no futzing with cornstarch and evaporated milk, and no floury roux. The secret ingredient is Aspirin-Free Alka-Seltzer and today is the day that I reveal its cheese-sauce-making superpower to the world. Its been hiding in plain sight all along, each tablet formulated with a few basic ingredients that drive a chemical reaction that, yes, can treat indigestion, butas will be clear once you understand the scienceare just as good at making the elusive perfect cheese sauce for nachos and mac and cheese. This is life-changing stuff. Ready to learn how and why? Serious Eats  Amanda Suarez Take a slice of good unprocessed melting cheese like Swiss, mozzarella, provolone, or cheddar and put it between bread slices. Grill it and the cheese melts perfectly, creating a rich, gooey, delicious treat. But when you try to make a cheese sauce by heating those same cheeses with water, you get a broken, clumpy mess instead of a glossy and smooth sauce. Why is that? Natural cheeses dont mix well with water when heated, instead separating into tight little cheesy clumps and pools of oil and water. This is a natural consequence of cheesemaking To make cheese, enzymes like rennet or acids like lemon juice are added to milk, causing the proteins in the milk to coagulate into largely insoluble, calcium-rich curds that can be separated from the liquid whey and turned into cheese. Serious Eats  Amanda Suarez The word insoluble is key herethe milk proteins that have formed those curds do not want to dissolve back into water. So how can we expect them to blend smoothly with water again when it comes time to make a cheese sauce? The answer is, we cant, not without some help to solve the problem, at least. The helper in this case is some kind of emulsifier, such as starches like flour or emulsifying salts like sodium citrate. Think of sodium citrate like a smooth operator It has a strong affinity to calcium, and, when added to melting cheese, it can draw out calcium and swap it with sodium ions to form sodium caseinate. Sodium caseinate happens to be the most soluble form of caseinate, so once this switch happens, the protein in the cheese is able to both soak up more water and disperse well in it, trapping fat, and leading to a more stable emulsion. The more calcium the sodium citrate is able to swap, the better the emulsion works. This is how you get that dreamy, creamy cheese sauce we all want. In fact, this is how processed cheeses like American cheese are made Emulsifying salts are added, ensuring absolutely perfect melting no matter what. The only problem with American cheese is it isnt the best in the flavor department. If you want to use your favorite cheese and still get a sauce as smooth as what American cheese is capable of, you need to add the sodium citrate yourself. Of course that means making the effort to buy and stock sodium citrate in your pantrynot impossible in this day of online ordering, but its not exactly the kind of stuff you can pick up at your local Walmart. Serious Eats  Amanda Suarez Know what you can buy at your local Walmart? Aspirin-free Alka-Seltzer. Maybe you dont even need to buy it, maybe you already have itI wouldnt be surprised if the ideal reader of this article is also a prime Alka-Seltzer customerthis is rich food, after all. When you read the ingredients on a box of non-aspirin Alka-Seltzer, youll see three main ingredients sodium bicarbonate, potassium bicarbonate, and anhydrous citric acid. You may also see some flavorings and other non-active ingredients. If you see aspirin in the ingredients, absolutely do not use the Alka-Seltzer for this culinary purpose see warning at the top of this article. Lets break down what those three active ingredients are But lets take a closer look at the chemical reaction between citric acid and one of those alkaline ingredients, because the resulting carbon dioxide is just one of a few products, and as far as our cheesemaking interests go, its not the important one. When you drop an Alka-Seltzer tablet into water, heres what happens Sodium bicarbonate  citric acid  carbon dioxide  water  sodium citrate Once added to water, Alka-Seltzer quickly starts bubbling because it makes carbon dioxide gas. The cool part is, the entire reaction happens without needing any extra heat unlike some other leavenerscough! baking powdercough!. Serious Eats  Amanda Suarez And guess what? The salt made during this reaction is our beloved sodium citrate! See, you dont have to hunt down sodium citrate, you can just make it via the magic of an Alka-Seltzer tablet and some water. This recipe is really easy, you dont even need a saucepan. Just use a microwave and a microwave-safe bowl. Put an original flavored aspirin-free Alka-Seltzer tablet in water dont use lime or other flavors, as theyll affect the cheese sauce taste. Let the fizz settle, which you can do ahead of time were after the resulting salt, not the bubbles. If you rush and add cheese before its done fizzing, youll get foamy cheese, which isnt as tasty as smooth sauce. Now, add unsalted butter, which helps balance the sodium from the sodium citrate and microwave until the butter melts. After that, add a shredded melting cheeseyou know, cheeses like cheddar, Gruyere, Swiss, provolone, Jack, that kind of stuff not soft-rind cheese like brie, and not aged cheese like Parmigiano-Reggiano. This can be cheese you shredded yourself, or a pre-shredded cheese. Pre-shredded cheeses often have anti-caking agents like tapioca starch in them those anti-caking starches will further enhance the creamy texture of the sauce, but the recipe works with or without them. Microwave in 30-second intervals until the sauce is hot and bubbly. It may seem runny at first, but itll thicken quickly as it cools. Finally, add any flavorings you may want, like cayenne, mustard, milk powder, jalapeños, or black pepper. After that, your sauce is ready for nachos, mac and cheese, or anything else. And if you get a nasty case of heartburn, well, youre in luck, because you already have the Alka-Seltzer ready and waiting. Recipe Details 14 cup 15ml water 2 original flavor, non-aspirin Alka-Seltzer tablets see notes 2 tablespoons 30g unsalted butter 1 12 cups shredded melting cheese 5.25 ounces 150g, such as cheddar, Gruyere, Swiss, provolone, andor Jack Optional Flavorings 12 teaspoon pickled jalapeño juice 12 teaspoon yellow mustard 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper In a microwave-safe bowl, stir together water and Alka-Seltzer. Let stand until fizzing stops, about 1 minute. Serious Eats  Amanda Suarez Add butter to the bowl and microwave until the butter is melted, about 30 seconds. Serious Eats  Amanda Suarez Add the shredded cheese to the bowl. Microwave in 30-second increments until cheese is melted and bubbly. Serious Eats  Amanda Suarez Using a fork or small whisk, stir until the sauce is smooth, adding any optional flavorings if desired. Let stand until perfectly thickened, 1 to 2 minutes. Serious Eats  Amanda Suarez Microwave and microwave-safe bowl It is essential that you use non-aspirin Alka-Seltzer, which is often sold under the Alka-Seltzer Gold label. Do notwe repeat DO NOTmake this cheese sauce with Alka-Seltzer with aspirin doing so could pose a significant health risk, as aspirin is a potent medicine with potentially dangerous side effects,the dosage would be particularly unsafe in this sauce, and heating the aspirin can increase its potency even more. We also recommend reading the full Alka-Seltzer ingredient list just in case it contains anything you or a diner may be specifically allergic to. This sauce can also be made on stove top In a saucepan, combine water with Alka-Seltzer and let stand until fizzing ceases. Add butter and heat over medium heat until melted, then whisk in shredded cheese until fully melted and a smooth sauce has formed. Season with flavorings of choice, let cool slightly, then use as desired. The Alka-Seltzer can be dissolved in the water up to 1 hour ahead.

With the proper setup and a little know-how, grill-baking is a fun way to incorporate complex and unexpected flavor into baked goods. Leah is the Senior Culinary Editor at Serious Eats, and was previously a recipe developer and editor with Americas Test Kitchen for almost 9 years. She has developed recipes for and edited over 20 cookbooks ranging in topic from bread baking to plant-based eating to outdoor grilling and so much more. While there, she also developed recipes and articles for Cooks Illustrated Magazine, Cooks Country Magazine, and ATKs digital platform.Before her life as a recipe developer, she cooked in 5-star and Michelin-starred fine dining establishments from coast to coast such as The Herbfarm and Aubergine Restaurant at LAuberge Carmel she also treasures her time flipping burgers on flattops in her teenage years, and baking and boxing cookies and pies at a wonderful family-owned German bakery in her early professional life. Serious Eats  Lorena Masso Through the summer and into the early fall, I look for any excuse to not turn on my oven. My old colonial-revival style home lacks central air, and the idea of turning on my oven on a steamy, 90-degree summer day is unappealing. Id much rather be outside, seeking shade, poking around my garden, and catching a summer breeze before the oh-so long, bleak, gray, and very snowy New England winter settles in. In these cherished summer and fall months, my outdoor grill becomes an extension of my indoor kitchen. You can find me outside in the early evenings on most work days, throwing a simple dinner on the grill while my kids are fighting over the hose, and on weekends, leisurely grilling elaborate meals for entertaining, where everything is coming off of the grill, even dessert. Serious Eats  Lorena Masso It is in these moments that I have grown to love baking on my grill. Grill-baking is the term I use to refer to this style of cooking. I define grill-baking as a cooking method that uses the grill to maintain a steady temperature range while cooking over indirect heat to bake breads and batter-based and crumble-topped desserts. In effect, replicating the cooking environment of an indoor oven. I started baking on my grill mostly to avoid my indoor kitchen in the summer, but as I gained experience with the technique, I realized that the grill is not just a way to avoid heating up an already-hot summer kitchen but a great way to incorporate complex and unexpected flavornamely smokeinto baked goods that isnt as easy to achieve in an oven. Successful grill-baking depends on having the proper setup and tools, as well as an understanding of both how to control a grills more unstable temperatures as well as which desserts are the most forgiving to those shifting temps. With just a little know-how, though, you can easily turn your charcoal or gas grill into an effective outdoor oven. As Kenji López-Alt points out in his article highlighting the differences between gas and charcoal grills, there are pros and cons to grilling with each. The same is true when using a grill to bake. The advantage of a charcoal grill is the smoky flavor it gives to foods baked in it, but it comes at the cost of being more difficult to manage as an oven. A gas grill is easier to use and will be more temperature-stable, but the trade-off is a loss of some of that fantastic smoke flavor. The smoky flavor of charcoal is most noticeable when baking for at least 30 minutes. This is because the propane in a gas grill burns relatively cleaner than charcoal. As charcoal burns it omits smoke and a range of gaseous emissions that create that signature fresh-off-the-grill char flavor, which adds depth of flavor to savory breads and complexity to sweet desserts. This is the main reason I prefer to use a charcoal grill over a gas grill when grill-baking. While the flavor achieved from baking with a charcoal grill is superior to that with a gas grill, the main benefit of a gas grill is that its easier to maintain a constant heat level. With a charcoal grill, as the coals burn down, the heat level will dwindle over time, making maintaining a steady heat levelwhich is crucial for properly risen and evenly cooked baked goodsharder to do. With a gas grill, your initial burst of heat is lower than with a charcoal grill, but you have the ability to adjust the burners as needed to maintain a more constant heat level. The steady flow of propane is easy to maintain with the simple twist of a knob on a gas grill, and requires less monitoring than a charcoal grill. Thats not to say its unachievable with a charcoal grill as I will describe later, but it does require more attention and monitoring to bake properly on a charcoal grill. One of the most important things to know about baking on a grill is that not every type of baked good is well-suited to the task. Perfectly crusty baguettes should be left in a steam-injected indoor oven. Delicate puff pastry and croissants are best baked indoors. Layer cakes are best left to more temperature-stable cooking zones. The key is to look towards more rustic baked goodsthe kinds of desserts and quickbreads that are at home in a cast iron skillet, and either more forgiving of variable temperatures, or thin enough not to require sustained even heat. My smoked ancho chile skillet brownie or a skillet cookie can achieve well charred edges with a gooey center on an outdoor grill, while the flavor of a grill-baked skillet cornbread with charred fresh corn and poblanos takes on a fire-tinged dimension when baked on the grill. Fruit desserts like my rustic apple crisp are also easy to throw together for the grill the apple slices will soften fully and brown in spots even as a covered grill swings from higher to lower cooking temperatures. Theres no question that baking on a grill is a larger technical challenge than baking in a standard oven. Ovens are insulated, helping them to hold a steady temperature and retain more heat than an outdoor grill. A grill, on the other hand, is mostly intended for faster cooking over a direct heat source, whether charcoal or gas. While a grill lid helps to regulate airflow and can trap heat during grilling, it offers little insulation and heat retention in comparison to an indoor oven. Even if a grill isnt optimized for this type of cooking, it very much can be done. The key to success is to properly build and maintain heat on the grill. After years of fine-tuning how to grill-bake varied breads and desserts, these are the general steps and best practices I have landed on for foolproof grill-baking. When baking in a well-insulated indoor oven, the standard is to preheat the oven to the temperature at which we intend to bake. For batter-based foods, this is usually between 325 to 375F, while doughs usually require a higher temperature range of 400 to 500F. Preheating to the desired final temperature is logical for an insulated oven, since its designed to maintain the selected temperature. When baking with a gas or charcoal grill, though, the grill needs to preheat to a higher temperature than whatever the actual baking temperature should bewere talking 500 to 600Fto accommodate the anticipated heat loss during the baking process due to a lack of insulation. As soon as you uncover a preheated grill and place a cold, heavy cast iron skillet full of raw ingredients inside it, its temperature will drop rapidly by preheating the grill to a higher temperature than the intended baking temperature, we can accommodate this heat loss. Serious Eats  Lorena Masso For a charcoal grill, this means starting with a full chimneys worth of charcoal briquettes, about six quarts of charcoal. Once the coals are properly lit and the top coals have a thin layer of gray ash around their edges, youll want to pour the lit coals into a steeply banked pile along one side of the grill, edging up a couple inches of the grill wall, and leaving about two-thirds of the coal grate free of coals. By leaving a large area free of coals, youll create an indirect cooking zone for baking, where the food can cook in the grills high heat without scorching due to intense embers and fire right below. Important to remember It takes 30 to 40 minutes to properly ignite a full chimney of charcoal briquettes, so plan accordingly. For a gas grill, youll instead want to preheat the covered grill with all burners on high until the grill reaches about 500F 260C. This will take about 15 minutes. Once the grill is properly preheated, youll want to create a similar indirect cooking zone as one does in a charcoal grill by turning off all the burners except the primary one. The primary burner on a gas grill is the burner that is connected closest to the gas source it is the burner that is lit first on the grill and that regulates the gas flow to the other burners. Without the primary burner on, the other burners will burn out, as the connection to the gas source is cut off if the primary burner is turned off. If Im already outside grilling dinner, baking a dessert or a bread on the grill is a great way to make best use of the fire. In this scenario where the heat of the coals is dwindling from having just grilled other items, youll need to build more heat on the charcoal grill. If the charcoal grill looses heat and drops below 300 degrees, carefully remove the cooking grate and top off the already lit embers on the grill with 2 to 4 quarts of unlit charcoal briquettes. Use tongs to shape into a steeply banked pile, then return cooking grate, cover grill and preheat for 10 to 30 minutes to let the coals ignite and the heat to rebuild back to 500 to 600F. . Reheating a gas grill is easier. You just turn all burners to high, close the lid, let it heat up, then turn off the non-primary burners. Setting up the fire as described above for both charcoal and gas grills creates a large indirect heat zone, which is paramount for baking on the grill. This cooler side of the grill is where the baking happens. Too much direct fire underneath the baked item while cooking will cause the bottom to scorch, and the top to remain underbaked. Only by setting the food in the indirect zone away from the sources of heat can you ensure that whatever you are baking will cook at an even rate from edge to edge and top to bottom. A cast iron skillet is my go-to vessel for baking on the grill. Not only does cast iron further ensure top-to-bottom even baking, but it also retains heat to encourage proper baking even as the grill temperature fluctuates. A highly durable cast iron skillet will also stand up to the more intense conditions of a grill without shattering, warping, or weakening over time. Serious Eats  Lorena Masso And at the risk of stating the obvious, you need to use the grills lid to promote proper heat and temperature regulation. But beyond the evident heat-containing role of a lid, there are a couple other reasons for using the lid that differ between gas and charcoal grills. With a gas grill, the stainless steel construction of the lid with its internal heat deflectors prevents heat from escaping, retaining the heat which helps mitigate the temperature drop once the skillet is added to the grill. While with a charcoal grill, closing the lid will limit oxygen flow, stifling the flame and lowering that very high initial burst of heat and slowing down the rate of burning, which will create a more regulated cooking temperature for a longer period of time. So using a lid with a gas grill will raise and help maintain the temperature to ensure proper baking, while using a lid with a charcoal grill will help lower the temperature and slow down the rate of burning so the heat will last longer. Using the grill lid will help regulate heat flow on the grill, but its still important to closely monitor the temperature while baking. Built-in grill thermometers are notoriously unreliable. They can warp and damage over years of use from extreme temperature fluctuations and weather conditions, and can also be located in areas like the underside of a lid that might not represent the actual temperature where your food is cooking closer to the grate. I always use an ambient temperature probe thermometer when grilling note that an ambient temperature probe is different from the long pointy ones inserted into roasts. Before I heat the grill, I clip the probe onto the cooking grate at the same height of the food that I am cooking. This way I can properly track the grill temperature, and adjust the temperature if needed to maintain an oven-like baking environment. Adjusting the temperature of a gas grill is relatively easy. As described above, the primary burner should be left on and the propane flow adjusted by turning the corresponding knob. Serious Eats  Lorena Masso Maintaining and adjusting the heat level of a charcoal grill requires a bit more finesse. A charcoal grill starts with a hotter initial burst of heat 500 to 600F, and heat is lost throughout the course of baking as the charcoal burns down. A full 6-quart chimney of charcoal briquettes will burn through in about an hour, with the heat dropping roughly 50F every 20 minutes.That heat loss over the extended time of baking can be combated by adjusting the vents on the charcoal grill to maintain a constant temperature. Like any fire, charcoal needs oxygen to survive. Controlling the amount of oxygen that gets to the fire effectively controls the temperature. Most charcoal grills will have at least two air vents one on the bottom half of the grill, and one in the lid at the top. Adjusting these air vents restricts or allows the air flow in and out of the grill, thus giving a handle on the heat being produced. With my 22-inch Weber grill, keeping both vents open will maintain a temperature range of 425 to 475F, while closing the top and leaving the bottom vent open will lower the temperature range by roughly 50. Closing all of the vents will cut off the air flow and extinguish the fire over time. I encourage you to play around with your charcoal grills air vents while tracking the temperature using an ambient temperature probe so that you will become comfortable adjusting the heat level of your grill with intention, instead of guessing at whether youre in a good temp zone or not. Just remember to wear heat-resistant gloves! While Ive described why you need indirect heat for grill-baking, I highly recommend putting the hot side of the grill to good use. First, you can use the hot side of the grill to add complex flavor to grill-baked goods by charring appropriate ingredients before they are cut and folded into a batter, bread, or filling. Grilling fruits before using them in the filling for a crisp or charring corn for cornbread intensifies the sweetness and complexity of eachits a flavor that can only be achieved on a grill. Beyond charing individual ingredients, you can also use smoke itself to flavor the baked good. In fact, I like to think of smoke as an unlisted ingredient in anything I choose to bake on my grill. The degree of smoke is something you can play with. Merely cooking with charcoal alone will infuse a lighter amount of smoke flavor into the food, while adding a large chunk of wood to the lit coals or a foil packet of wood chips on a gas grill can generate more significant amounts of smoke and thus smoky flavor. While Ill admit that standing over a lit grill in the summer heat might not be significantly less hot than baking indoors, for me, its a lot more pleasant. Plus, in my opinion, the added flavor of char and smoke to grill-baked goods simply cant be replicated indoors. The next time youre grilling dinner outside, consider getting the most out of your grills heat, keep that fire going, and treat yourself to a baked treat off the grill.

