In short Dont post spam or be a jerk, and everything will be dandy. When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Heres how it works. We like providing a commenting system so you can express yourself and share information with other readers, and for the most part, youre free to speak your mind under our articles. We do want our community to be a friendly and welcoming place for everyone, though, so there are a few rules. Heres what you need to know Our comments are moderated by a team of dedicated volunteers under the supervision of the community team. Community quality is closely monitored to ensure a civil, safe, and friendly environment for discussion. Can I become a moderator? Moderators are chosen from long-time members of the community and selected for their maturity and jurisprudence in dealing with difficult posts. They are appointed on an as-needed basis and are selected with the approval and recommendation of existing moderators and staff. If you show exemplary patience and maturity, and have been a helpful, contributing member of the community, rest assured that it will be noticed and taken into account when new moderators are needed. If youre interested in volunteering, feel free to email communityfuturenet.com. Why have I been banned? Moderators ensure that the Rules of Conduct are being followed by users on the forums and comments sections, and will take steps to ban individuals who disregard the rules. If youve been banned, chances are that you werent obeying the Rules of Conduct and a moderator took action against your account. Most bans are temporary and last only a few days, but major infractions may result in a permanent ban. The Rules of Conduct are general guidelines for users within our community. Follow these simple rules and youll have a great experience here. Keep up to date with the most important stories and the best deals, as picked by the PC Gamer team. Please do... Please dont... The following activity is expressly disallowed within our community All content, including signatures, images, links, posts, and submissions are all subject to these rules. If your signature contains links, please ensure they adhere to our commercial spam policy. Where applicable, if signature content contains forwarding links to either past or present websites that have caused problems, your signature privileges will be suspended. Additionally, forum and commenting accounts are non-transferable. Actions taken by a user on one account may affect all of that users accounts. With these in mind, please remember to have fun. Most of these guidelines are common sense, and serve to keep the forumcomments useful, safe and secure for everyone. We thank you for your cooperation and support in this, and if you have any questions, suggestions or feedback regarding the Rules of Conduct, please contact a moderator or community staff. Ads Neither editorial nor community teams have any control over ads that are served on the site. If you do encounter an ad on-site that you believe to be invasive or inappropriate, email communityfuturenet.com. Avatars Avatars should not be obscene, display excessive violence, flash enough to be a danger to people who have epilepsy, or defame any individual, group, party, or company. Failure to comply can result in your right to display an avatar being revoked. Moderators are the final arbiters in determining when an avatar is inappropriate or in violation of the guidelines. Video content We encourage the posting of videos! They can be very helpful and having a visual aid can be very beneficial for some people. Here are the guidelines for posting videos, provided this option is available in the forumcomments. 1. All videos posted should include a text description of what the video contains. This doesnt have to be very long, but a sentence or two will let people know what they are about to view. 2. When posting a video as a solution or reply in somebody elses thread or article commentary, the video must be relevant to the discussion. 3. Threads for standalone video content reviews, unboxings, gameplay videos, etc are permitted, but please ensure that they are posted in the correct category or relevant to the article posted. Disabling comments Please note that we may also disable comments altogether on certain articles. A small number of topics have been proven to inspire a large volume of heated, and sometimes hateful discussion. Therefore we will opt to shut threads that have descended into widespread abuse. This may also be done preemptively, for topics which have consistently drawn unconstructive discussions. The community staff and moderation team are happy to provide help with any technical questions you may have. For problems that fall outside the norm disputes with moderators, issues with the site, forums, or commenting systems, or to appeal a ban, please send an email to communityfuturenet.com and somebody from the community staff will reach out to you as soon as possible. The policies herein are the contractual requirements for admission and participation in the forum andor site comments. You agree to comply and are obliged to comply with the rules above and in the following policies when joining and using a Future plc Forum and Commenting Software, and Future plc reserves the right to suspend or remove your user account andor access without notices. You acknowledge and agree that, by accessing or using the services or by uploading or posting any User Content, you, your heirs, and assigns collectively, you are indicating that you have read, understand, and agree to be bound by these Terms. If you do not agree to these Terms, then you have no right to access or use the Services. All activity and participation within the forums and commenting sections are covered under the Future plc Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Future plc reserves the right, in its sole and absolute discretion, to remove any User Content, block access to the forum andor commenting system, andor cancel the account of any user. PC Gamer is the global authority on PC gamesstarting in 1993 with the magazine, and then in 2010 with this website youre currently reading. We have writers across the US, Canada, UK and Australia, who you can read about here. Just 2 weeks before the release of its next game, another studio falls victim to the relentless drive to be agile Steam just cracked 40 million concurrent users for the first time, meaning Valves user count was bigger than 80 of the countries in the United Nations TSMC and Trump announce massive 100 billion investment in the US including 3 new fabs but its reasonable to ponder whether it will actually happen PC Gamer is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.  Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.

Despite serious performance problems on PC, the new Monster Hunter is a big hit. When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Heres how it works. Capcom says Monster Hunter Wilds sold more than eight million copies in its first three days of release, making it the fastest game in Capcom history to reach that oddly specific milestone. Credit for the big number, according to Capcom, goes to Capcoms continuous global initiatives to promote the game, including online showcases and an open beta, which promoted the appeal of Monster Hunter Wilds to a broad audience worldwide. And sure, a PR campaignwhich, corporate hype aside, is exactly what Capcom is describing herecan certainly help draw eyes to a game, but I think its also only reasonable to acknowledge that Monster Hunter is a very big, mainstream game series these days. Monster Hunter World, after all, made a big splash in its own rightfive million copies in three dayswhen it debuted in 2018. The first Monster Hunter just didnt click with the masses, and the next couple of expansions and sequels would stay in Japan, veteran hunter of monsters James Mielke wrote in a 2018 look back at how the series grew from niche import to international sensation. It wasnt until Monster Hunter Freedom 2 that wed get another taste. Fifteen years later, its almost inconceivable Monster Hunter was ever small time. How did it become such a juggernaut in Japan, and after a lifetime mostly stuck on handhelds like the PSP and 3DS, ship more than five million copies on consoles with Monster Hunter World in just three days? So, big game is big, yes, but what makes this level of success even more notable is that Monster Hunter Wilds has achieved it almost in spite of itself. The concurrent player numbers on Steam alone are enviablea peak of almost 1.2 million todaybut the overall user rating is decidedly not Just 58 of the 68,000 user review are positive, thanks to significant, persistent performance issues including crashes, stuttering, framerate dips, and poor optimization overall. Bottom line? Monster Hunter Wilds is a monster hitand given what a mess it seems to be right now, thats kind of wild. Monster Hunter Wilds guide All our advice in one placeMonster Hunter Wilds tips Hit the ground huntingMonster Hunter Wilds multiplayer How to co-op huntMonster Hunter Wilds weapons Builds galoreMonster Hunter Wilds best armor Defend yourself Keep up to date with the most important stories and the best deals, as picked by the PC Gamer team. Andy has been gaming on PCs from the very beginning, starting as a youngster with text adventures and primitive action games on a cassette-based TRS80. From there he graduated to the glory days of Sierra Online adventures and Microprose sims, ran a local BBS, learned how to build PCs, and developed a longstanding love of RPGs, immersive sims, and shooters. He began writing videogame news in 2007 for The Escapist and somehow managed to avoid getting fired until 2014, when he joined the storied ranks of PC Gamer. He covers all aspects of the industry, from new game announcements and patch notes to legal disputes, Twitch beefs, esports, and Henry Cavill. Lots of Henry Cavill. Please logout and then login again, you will then be prompted to enter your display name. Monster Hunter Wilds feels easy at launchbut after a decade of fighting post-release elder dragons and Master Rank monsters, Im not worried about the light warmup How to transfer your GTA 5 save file to GTA 5 Enhanced and accept Rockstars Online Policies if needed Todays Wordle answer for Wednesday, March 5 PC Gamer is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.  Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.

Kerry Brunskill published 5 March 25 regular riddle Todays Wordle Help with the daily puzzle. Andy Chalk published 4 March 25 news Behaviour Interactive is offering a last chance discount on the famed Cenobite before his departure. Tyler Wilde published 4 March 25 news Civilization 7s 1.1.0 patch is available now for PC and consoles, and is Firaxis first big response to player feedback. Andy Chalk published 4 March 25 news Despite serious performance problems on PC, the new Monster Hunter is a big hit. Andy Chalk published 4 March 25 news Acclaim aims to support indie developers and reignite classic franchises, with funding, marketing, and PR support. Andy Chalk published 4 March 25 news The classic skating sim is being remade from the ground up by Iron Galaxy Studios. Rich Stanton published 4 March 25 News Popular Twitch streamers Cinna, Valkyrae and Emiru were followed by the individual before things escalated. Christopher Livingston published 4 March 25 News Russos studio, AGBO, which includes former Fortnite director Donald Mustard, is very tuned in to gaming. Andy Chalk published 4 March 25 news The original GTA 5 is still among Steams most-played games too. James Bentley published 4 March 25 News Though Nvidia is still up year over year. Jeremy Laird published 4 March 25 News If you spot an MSRP-priced GPU in the next few days, jump on it! Fraser Brown published 4 March 25 News Like Disco Elysium, Rue Valley is an unconventional RPG all about exploring your mental state. Monster Hunter Wilds Review  Bigger, Wilder, Better? Monster Hunter Wilds is Capcoms first PC and console dual release but does it streamline the formula, deliver seamless battles, and cinematic storytelling? Or does it strip away much of what made past entries like Monster Hunter Rise great? 2025 is going to be a hell of a year for first-person shooter fans. Its not just that were getting more new shooters than you can fit in a magazine, but the sheer depth and breadth of whats coming is already beating a quieter 2024. Kingdom Come Deliverance 2 is many things ambitious, peculiar, meticulous, funny. But one thing it never is is boring! Set in 15th century Bohemia, developer Warhorse Studios has gone out of its way to craft a dense and intriguing epic tailored to oddball tastes, especially if youre a system-loving sicko like our News Writer and reviewer, Josh Wolens. The game looks beautiful too, thanks to CryEngine, and scales surprisingly well to a variety of hardware. Could this game be a bona fide Bohemia Rhapsody? Dune Awakening is a much anticipated new MMO from Conan developers Funcom. Fresh from a 7 hour hands-on preview in Oslo - perhaps the least Arrakis like place on planet Earth - our News Writer Joshua Wolens took to answered some of your questions. Monster Hunter Wilds Final Preview - We got the chance to play the final preview build of Monster Hunter Wilds before the game ships at the end of February. These preview build features two new monsters that havent been fightable in the either of the Betas, today were hunting Nerscylla and Rompopolo, which Capcom has shown before today but not let anyone fight. A new graphics card built for silicon austerity and a new era of AI rendering. Here is our Editor-in-Chief of Hardware Dave James to share his verdict. Assassins Creed Shadows was recently delayed again, Ubisoft citing a renewed focus on gameplay quality and engaging day-one experiences. But that didnt stop them inviting PC Gamers Morgan Park to a play a preview build of the hotly anticipated stealth action game last week. This weekend marks the 20th anniversary of Resident Evil 4, one of the most legendary survival horror games ever created. Initially a Game Cube exclusive, Resi 4 would find its way to PlayStations 2, 3 and 4, Wii, Mac, phones, and of course PC, eventually being remastered in 2023. But what is it about this heart-pounding classic that keeps us coming back? How did something as seemingly mundane as a new camera behaviour revolutionise 3rd person action adventures forever? And why are the residents of its fictional Spanish village so...evil? PC Gamers Midas Whittaker uncovers the full story here. Upgrading your PC can seem daunting at first. But with games continuing to push the boundaries of graphics technology ever further, making sure your rig is armed with a capable GPU has never been more critical. Fortunately, swapping out your graphic card is one of the easiest upgrades you can do to your PC and gives the most immediate benefits in terms of increased framerates and extra crispy eye candy. Here, our resident hardware expert Dave James walks you through not only how to install your new graphic card, but what five games will push it to its limits. Elden Ring Nightreign is FromSoftwares next game, coming in 2025and weve played it. This standalone spin-off throws weapons, enemies and bosses from Elden Ring into a new co-op roguelike set in an alternate version of Limgrave, with new hero characters with unique abilities replacing the usual RPG create-a-character. Heres what we learned from 6 hours playing Nightreign at FromSoftwares offices in Tokyo. With so many great keyboard options out there, it can be hard to decide whats important and whats not. Fortunately, our resident hardware expert Dave James is here to help. We searched the edges of the PC Game Pass cave to find some hidden gems. Lets dive into Warhammer 40,000 Boltgun and the blast youll have shooting your way through the pixels. The Illuminates are here! All the details on Helldivers 2s surprise update. Indiana Jones returns to our screens and our keyboards in MachineGames new action adventure game. But does it belong in a museum? PC Gamer Associate Editor Ted Litchfield delivers his verdict. New issue out now with four special collectors edition covers to choose from! World-exclusive access to stunning dark new fantasy RPG, Clair Obscur Expedition 33. Plus, Arc Raiders, Call of Duty Black Ops 6, gaming mice grouptest, and PC Gamers Game of the Year Awards. We searched the depths of the PC Game Pass pool to find some hidden gems. Lets explore why Journey to the Savage Planets tightly curated spacefaring adventure is worth your time. From tumbling railways to soothing scrambles, heres a list of some of the best cozy games that are not farming sims. We explored the depths of the PC Game Pass pool to find some hidden gems. Lets get into why deckbuilding dice battler Dicey Dungeons will keep you coming back for more rolling combos. This surreal rhythm adventure will have you dusting off the old Guitar Hero controller as you dive into the obscure. This open-source roleplaying sandbox is all about trying to keep a complex space station running while being faced with constant sabotage. PVKK will have you operating a massive planetary defence cannon from your retro-tech cockpit . Therell be plenty of buttons to push, levers to pull, and tough choices to make. Welcome to the PC Gamer Top 100, our annual rundown of the best games you can play on PC today. This list is the culmination of months of discussion, negotiation and a handful of argumentsthe passion of the PC Gamer team as our writers and editors wrangled to get their favourites into the list. We judge games based on a number of factors Importance, Hotness, Playability, and, above all, Quality. Hopefully youll discover some new favourites too. Enjoy! Towerborne is an arcade brawler RPG from Stoic, developers of The Banner Saga series. UFO 50 includes 50 games from the developers of Spelunky and their friends. Some solo and some local multiplayer. Satisfactory is finally entering 1.0 after 5 years in early access. You can now go fishing in No Mans Sky. The Aquarius update is free to download for existing players. This roguelike deckbuilder uses a rigged claw-machine instead of a deck of cards to get you through a dungeon. A time loop RPG where you live through the same 47 minutes over and over again. The sequel to the acclaimed immersive underwater survival game will be entering early access in 2025. This charming narrative puzzler will have you casually solving problems as you navigate its story-driven world. Youll be facing off against swarms of Hormagaunts when Warhammer 40,000 Space Marine 2 releases on September 9, 2024. Join us for an exclusive look at Homestead, the new player housing feature coming to Guild Wars 2s next expansion, Janthir Wilds. Were going back in time for a Doom prequel set in medieval times. Youve still got guns, but now theres a shield that is also a chainsaw. Rip and tear indeed. Action horror, genetic freaks, and new methods of survival warfare. We give you an exclusive look at the first gameplay reveal of Killing Floor 3. We sit down with the team at Tripwire to take you behind the scenes and find out what we can expect from the third instalment in the Killing Floor series. The next instalment of the classic sim series, in Microsofts words, the most ambitious consumer flight simulator ever undertaken. It certainly looks the part, with this new trailer showcasing the games breathtaking visuals. Were one week away from the end of Destiny 2s Light  Darkness saga. In The Final Shape, players will journey into the Traveler to finally stop The Witness. It all launches on Tuesday, June 4. The sci-fi RTS returns, but is Homeworld 3 a return to form for the series? Lets find out. By Lauren Morton last updated 27 February 25 Field Guide Get prepped for Low Rank, High Rank, and beyond. By Kerry Brunskill published 5 March 25 So-so Suiko Suikodens HD Remaster is polished to a high shinein some places. By Kerry Brunskill published 5 March 25 Pasokon Retro Sometimes the most daring thing a computer game can be is sweet and simple. By Jordi Taeka published 5 March 25 handbook Civilization 7 doesnt explain many of the things you need to know to play it well. Heres how it all works. By Jody Macgregor last updated 4 March 25 Small but mighty These are the best indie games you can play on PC. By Lincoln Carpenter last updated 4 March 25 Bonk 101 Clobber your way across Low Rank and High Rank with these recommendations. By Lauren Morton published 4 March 25 Lifesaver You may need to load up GTA Online even if you only want to transfer your story mode saves. By Andrea Shearon published 4 March 25 Detailing Both GTA Online and Story Mode benefit in the Enhanced version. By Robin Valentine published 4 March 25 SPELL SCROLL Hands-on with Absolum, the latest game from the developer of Streets of Rage 4 and the publisher of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Shredders Revenge. Senior Editor, foremost NPC scholar Editor-in-Chief, Hardware, tech wiz since 05 Associate Editor, cozy game connoisseur Executive Editor, stuck in Diamond Staff Writer, shooter guy Weekend Editor, played every WH40K game News Lead, still owns a TRS-80 Online Editor, grand strategy evangelist Senior Editor, toy soldier enthusiast Senior Editor, scanline obsessee Managing Editor, Hardware, 1 gamer Editor-in-Chief, Tub Geralt Enjoyer Global Editor-in-Chief, FPS enjoyer Brand Director, flawless Destiny raider News Writer Australian Editor Senior Editor Community Manager By Christopher Livingston published 6 February 25 By Jacob Ridley last updated 4 March 25 Look Your Best These are the best webcams for streaming and video calls. By Katie Wickens last updated 4 March 25 Decked out These are the best Steam Deck accessories to pair with your handheld gaming PCperipherals, power, and protection. By Fraser Brown published 4 March 25 Worlds collide A boring odd couple go on an incredible adventure. By Abbie Stone published 4 March 25 GOOD KNIGHT A solid sequel that flourishes the more you play, though repetitiveness might stop you wanting to. By Nick Evanson published 4 March 25 A bit too lite Lite in name but not lite in features. Sadly, not lite in price, either. By Sean Martin published 4 March 25 Making mats Help the villagers of the Forbidden Lands with a few sidequests and theyll gather items for you. By Justin Wagner published 4 March 25 CC-GEE Its time to dust off the old Duel Disk. By Tyler Wilde last updated 4 March 25 What to play Looking for a great new PC game? Heres what were playing in 2025. By Tyler Wilde published 3 March 25  After a busy February, the videogame release calendar doesnt slow down much in March. By Robin Valentine last updated 18 December 24 By Fraser Brown published 3 March 25 Art critic Three hours with Sandfalls striking RPG. By Rory Norris last updated 3 March 25 Beyblade Become a demon and spin to win using the Dual Blades. By James Bentley published 3 March 25 Worth the hype? I just hope the hype is worth believing in. By Robin Valentine last updated 3 March 25 Updated! Discover your next epic adventure with our list of the most essential RPGs you can play on PC right now. By Rory Norris last updated 3 March 25 Blade Master Slice and dice with the agile but powerful Long Sword. By Dave James last updated 3 March 25 Best Mobo The best gaming motherboards from the top Intel and AMD chipsets. By Dave James last updated 3 March 25 deal Our simple advice dont pay full price for a gaming PC. By Jacob Ridley last updated 3 March 25 Take a seat Treat your posterior to one of the best gaming chairs. By Shaun Prescott published 2 March 25 New on Steam Sorting through every new game on Steam so you dont have to. Keep up to date with the most important stories and the best deals, as picked by the PC Gamer team. Posted Save with these Dell coupon codes on PCs, laptops, gaming PCs, Alienware, monitors, printers, and more. Posted Save with these Autodesk promo codes on AutoCAD, Autodesk Fusion 360, and more. Posted Save with these Herman Miller promo codes on gaming chairs, office chairs, office desks, standing desks, and more. Posted Save with these Newegg promo codes on computer parts, PCs, gaming devices, home appliances, and more. Posted Save with these Adorama coupon codes on cameras, headphones, computers, gaming, and more. Posted Save with these AndaSeat coupons which can lower the price of gaming chairs such as the Kaiser 3. PC Gamer is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.  Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street, New York, NY 10036.

Imagine me descending from Sinai with this on a tablet. When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Heres how it works. Kingdom Come Deliverance 2 is great. So great that I slapped a 90 score on it in our Kingdom Come Deliverance 2 review. But frankly, I wasted a lot of your time in that piece, nattering on about narrative and mechanics and whatever when I could have just presented you with my grand unified theory of videogame design and left it there A good game is when you can steal back all the money you just spent at a shop, a bad game is when you cant. QED, KCD2 is a good game. A great game, even. I spent approximately 40 hours in it exhaustively scamming every merchant on the map, turning myself into a literal renaissance man by paying skill-trainers for their time with the same 500 groschen over and over and over again. Karl Marx, somewhere, breaks down capitalist exploitation of surplus value into M-C-Mmoney, commodity, money. A capitalist comes to the market with money, purchases labour power, and leaves with more money. The capitalist is a rube. If he had levelled his pickpocketing skill he could replace that commodified labour with literally anythinga trip to the bathhouse, a cake, multiple swords and a horseand still walk away with his pockets jingling. I genuinely love when games do this, not just because its incredibly satisfying, but because I take it as a key indicator that a games devs truly Get It. They know what it is about games, about immersive sim-style design, about spaces that live and breathe, that make them so much fun to be in and poke at. Its a big stamp that suggests the devs like building moving worlds as much as I enjoy inhabiting them, and theyre not worried if the laws the game follows might let you get an unfair leg-up or the opposite. Also, the rule just holds true. Baldurs Gate 3? You can steal your gold back. KCD2? You can steal your gold back. Fallout New Vegas? I defy you not to pickpocket every last cap from Major Knight at Mojave Outpost after he makes you once again pay through the nose to repair your crap. I will, as a runner-up, accept games that dont let you steal back the gold you spent but will let you just rob a store-owner of their entire stock directly. Its less goodam I to believe my money has vanished into the ether, did I pay the shopkeep in this fantasy world with my debit card?but, look, it still suggests a dev team thats more concerned with constructing a space that feels real and malleable, even if it might be to the detriment of game balance. No ones taste is wrong unless they dislike Alpha Protocol, but Ive always preferred games that feel more like worlds than fairground rides, that feel like they proceed independently of me and according to their own rules rather than making me the protagonist of the universe, gods own special boy. It doesnt just mean hardcore, or totally obliterating you if you wander into the wrong area, it means letting you bend the rules to your will if youre smart or ambitious enough. Keep up to date with the most important stories and the best deals, as picked by the PC Gamer team. And it feels, dare I hope, like its a philosophy thats becoming a bit fashionable these days, between bigger, splashier stuff like KCD2 and smaller games like Peripeteia. I feel like we might be heading into the decade of the light immersive sim, and I couldnt be happier. As someone currently playing Avowed I would love, love to see it adopted in some hypothetical sequel. I am, actually, really enjoying the game. It feels well-tuned and tightly designed, but that only takes me, a systems-loving sicko, so far. I agree with PCGs Robin Valentine that the way it lets you take everyones stuff without complaint or impediment makes its world feel, well, like less of a world. After all, a crucial addendum to my grand unified theory of videogame design is that stealing your money back, or stealing anything, ought to risk some kind of consequence. Its no good letting me steal from the shopkeeper if the shopkeeper couldnt care less about it. Thats not a living, breathing space with exploitable rules, its a dollhouse. But if the recent trend for imsim-adjacent design made Obsidian feel confident to branch out into something more clockwork, more systems-driven in Avowed 2 This Time In Ixamitl? Were in GOTY territory, baby. That goes for nearly all games, frankly. Theres nothing that cant be enhanced by letting me rob the shopkeeper. The rule holds true for everyone. Avowed unique weapons Grab these earlyTotem of Rightful Rulership Find all the piecesIntimidating Feline Codpiece Treasure map solutionKai romance Soldier through togetherAvowed Ygwulf How to handle the assassin One of Joshs first memories is of playing Quake 2 on the family computer when he was much too young to be doing that, and hes been irreparably game-brained ever since. His writing has been featured in Vice, Fanbyte, and the Financial Times. Hell play pretty much anything, and has written far too much on everything from visual novels to Assassins Creed. His most profound loves are for CRPGs, immersive sims, and any game whose ambition outstrips its budget. He thinks youre all far too mean about Deus Ex Invisible War. Please logout and then login again, you will then be prompted to enter your display name. The creators of Disco Elysium unofficially consulted on fascinating upcoming RPG Rue Valley during a brutalist architectural tour of Belgrade It was completely unexpected Kingdom Come Deliverance 2 modder snaps, transforms all women, animals, and doors into fleshy spheres but turns all men invisible Its just spheres. Experience spheres! Whats the difference between Grand Theft Auto 5 Enhanced and Legacy? PC Gamer is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.  Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Heres how it works. Evans a hardcore FPS enthusiast who joined PC Gamer in 2008. After an era spent publishing reviews, news, and cover features, he now oversees editorial operations for PC Gamer worldwide, including setting policy, training, and editing stories written by the wider team. His most-played FPSes are CSGO, Team Fortress 2, Team Fortress Classic, Rainbow Six Siege, and Arma 2. His first multiplayer FPS was Quake 2, played on serial LAN in his uncles basement, the ideal conditions for instilling a lifelong fondness for fragging. Evan also leads production of the PC Gaming Show, the annual E3 showcase event dedicated to PC gaming. By Jody Macgregor last updated 4 March 25 Small but mighty These are the best indie games you can play on PC. By Evan Lahti published 1 March 25 News Paleontologist and monster expert Dr. Darren Naish takes a deep dive into the creatures of Monster Hunter, rating their biological plausibility and exploring their real-world inspirations. By Andy Chalk published 30 January 25 news Red Hook Studios said Junes work is nothing short of iconic, and deserves to be recognized and celebrated at the highest levels of our industry. By Evan Lahti published 14 January 25 Using third-party emulation devices to gain an advantage may get you banished to the Negative Zone, says Marvel Rivals studio NetEase Games. By Tyler Wilde published 3 January 25  What does the new year have in store for videogames? By Morgan Park published 29 December 24  Reinventing the live service gamefor democracy. By Jake Tucker published 24 December 24  Our favourite shooter of the year was look all the best custom lobbies rolled into one. By Lincoln Carpenter published 22 December 24  Genre-defining weirdness. By Jacob Ridley published 20 December 24  On the road again. By Evan Lahti published 19 December 24  Everything old is new again. By Ted Litchfield published 16 December 24 news Spector described wanting to push the genre in new and interesting directions. By Rich Stanton published 13 December 24 This is not a codename anymore, so this is exciting. By Rich Stanton published 13 December 24 News Ciri is so passionate about what shes doing that she will never be neutral. She will go for it. By Harvey Randall published 13 December 24 News Oh yeah, its all coming together. By Evan Lahti published 13 December 24 In the thick of it If you love multiplayer games but couldnt care less about your kill-death ratio, Thick as Thieves might be your game. By Andy Chalk last updated 10 December 24 news Luigi Mangione has now been charged with the murder of UnitedHealthcare CEO Brian Thompson. By Sarah Richter last updated 9 December 24 Giftageddon Gifts for PC gamers sure to bring holiday cheer to one and all. By Evan Lahti published 5 December 24 trends PC Gamers team of 30 editors identifies the major gaming trends affecting gaming. Updated as the industry changes and as new trends emerge. By Evan Lahti published 4 December 24 Most Wanted Some of the faces of PC Gamers special jury of gaming experts, who select the games featured in PC Gaming Show Most Wanted By Evan Lahti published 14 November 24 News The list is tallied. The Council is convened once more. By Tyler Wilde published 14 October 24 Top 100 Breaking down PC Gamers 2024 list of the top 100 greatest PC games. By Phil Savage published 14 October 24 Class of 2024 Welcome to the 2024 edition of the PC Gamer Top 100our annual list of the best PC games around. By Rick Lane, Evan Lahti published 16 August 24 News Off menu. By Evan Lahti published 31 July 24 staff Meet our new Global Editor-in-Chief, Phil Savage. By Morgan Park published 25 July 24 1896 Hunt Showdown 1896 represents the next era of Hunt, with an upgraded engine and new map coming in August. Keep up to date with the most important stories and the best deals, as picked by the PC Gamer team. Other versions of this page are available with specific content for the following regions PC Gamer is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.  Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street, New York, NY 10036.

Disney first started making live-action movies in the 1950s to compete with the rise of television and expand its Hollywood presence beyond animation. The studio began with literary adaptations and family-friendly films like Old Yeller and The Parent Trap before moving on to more experimental fantasy with Tron and Escape to Witch Mountain. After the quirky comedies of the late 1980s and 1990s, such as Honey, I Shrunk the Kids and The Santa Clause, Disney began recreating its iconic animated masterpieces from the Golden Era to the Renaissance Era to capitalize on millennial nostalgia. This new phase of Disney filmmaking shows no signs of stopping, with live-action versions of Moana and Lilo  Stitch set for release in 2025 and 2026. Maybe well reach the point where every Disney animated film has a counterpart! But for now, lets rank these Disney live-action remakes that add a human touch to our cherished animated favoritesexcluding any sequels, prequels, or spin-offs. 2  18 Tom Hanks knows how to tug at our heartstrings as the lonely toymaker Geppetto, who yearns for a boy of his own. While he tries his hardest to forge a bond with the titular puppet, the CGI animation makes Pinocchio, along with other famous characters like his trusty sidekick, Jiminy Cricket, and the manipulative Honest John, seem lifeless. They look jarringly out of place against the equally artificial settings what is meant to be an idyllic European town is obviously a fake movie set. The disability representation with the new addition of Fabiana and her ballerina marionette, Sabina, is a nice touchcertainly better than the cringeworthy, Scuttle-like Sofia the seagull. The original Pinocchio is a mesmerizing work of art, so any remake had big shoes to fill. Using actual puppetry could have made this version feel more authentic and visually pleasing. 3  18 The Lion King is an odd part of this live-action trend because there are zero human characters, and its still animatedjust with computers, nearly shot-for-shot in many instances. The special effects are incredibly detailed and true to life, but in a story where a little lion cub has to react to his fathers death in a stampede, it feels soulless. Thats why the anthropomorphic versions of the characters, with their bigger eyes and larger expressions, worked so well for this profound tale of life and death. Here, the characters are barely able to react, their expressions flat and lifeless because the design focuses so much on capturing real life. Timon and Pumbaa especially look frightening. This new version of The Lion King feels pointless and gives little reason for existing. 4  18 Released straight to Disney, this update of the 1955 original is a fine, if unnecessary, remake. Theres a more developed romance between Jim Dear and Darling Thomas Mann and Kiersey Clemons that leads to the birth of their baby, which the regal cocker spaniel, Lady, believes is her impending doom. The clear draw here is, of course, the adorable dogs in the titular roles and their sidekicks. The new Lady and the Tramp blends CGI with real-life rescue dogs, avoiding the uncanny valley. Its hard not to love these furry, four-legged stars as they trot through their quaint town, even if it looks like a studio set and lacks the beauty of the originals hand-painted backgrounds of Victorian homes and gaslit streets. 5  18 The Ottoman-style designs in Guy Ritchies version of Aladdingolden domes of an ornate palace, intricate patterns, and flowing, rainbow-colored silksset against the vast, sandy landscapes create an absolutely gorgeous live-action version of Agrabah. Mena Massoud and Naomi Scott share an earnest connection as Aladdin and Jasmine, supported by their soaring singing voices. Will Smith could never match Robin Williams brilliantly chaotic, motor-mouthed portrayal of Genie, but he deserves credit for making it work with his own swagger. Still, this Aladdin adaptation is more of a feast for the eyes than for the heart. 6  18 Mulan doesnt have the same spark without Donny Osmond singing about getting down to business and defeating the Huns. Without the music, the focus shifts more to the action sequences, which are grand in scale and set against sweeping mountain backdrops. Disney often finds itself in a bind with these live-action remakesdamned if they stick too closely to the animated original with shot-for-shot recreations, and damned if they stray too far with unnecessary originality. The remake of Mulan removes Mushu and Cricket for being too fantastical, yet the changes they make still take away any authenticity. Theres the addition of Xianniang Gong Li, a witch who can shapeshift into a falconfar less scary than the actual soldiers in the originaland Mulans Liu Yifei ability to use qigong to explain her martial arts talent, rather than letting her transformation come from strength and perseverance. This version of Mulan tries to add magic in all the wrong places. 7  18 Tim Burtons vision of a topsy-turvy world filled with whimsical creatures and curiosities is far spookier than the 1951 original. Johnny Depps Mad Hatter resembles a deranged circus clown with his pale face and wild hair Helena Bonham Carters Red Queen has a giant, computerized bobblehead. Tweedledee and Tweedledum Matt Lucas have sunken eyes with vacant stares. Alice takes on a feminist twist as a soldier in the fierce final battle, wielding a sword and wearing silver-plated armor, but the dull, gray cinematography makes the scene feel bland. The bizarre aesthetic and darkness take away from the, well, wonder of it all. 8  18 Tim Burtons carnivalesque visuals and fascination with oddities who dont fit inlike an elephant with giant earsseem perfect for remaking Dumbo. Unfortunately, the film takes a one-hour childrens romp and stretches it out by nearly another hour with boring material. Were meant to care about the handsome Colin Farrell as a one-armed veteran and his children Nico Parker and Finley Hobbins, who are charged with taking care of Dumbo, but we just want to get back to the main attraction. The live-action version also critiques the capitalistic exploitation that lurks beneath a mammoth theme park, Dreamland a not-so-subtle nod to Disneyland, but its overly grim and never lands. The only real positive is Dumbos design, with adorable big eyes that strike the right chord between realistic and cartoony. 9  18 There have been tons of live-action adaptations or retellings of Peter Pan, from the filmed stage production starring Mary Martin to the star-studded Steven Spielberg epic and the ethereal 2003 version. David Lowerys Peter Pan  Wendy doesnt have enough pixie dust, especially since Peter Pan Alexander Molony is no longer an impish scoundrel with a zest for life but a mopey little boy, while Tinkerbell Yara Shahidi has lost all of her sassiness. One of the most positive changes is making Tiger Lily Alyssa Wapanatâhk a strong warrior who helps Peter and the Lost Boys fight Hook and the pirates while removing any racist mocking of her Indigenous background. For all the beauty and mystery of Neverlands misty rolling hills and towering waterfalls, the film lacks the sense of awe that should define Peter Pans world. 10  18 The original animated Beauty and the Beast from 1991 is gorgeous and one of the greatest Disney movies ever made. Unfortunately, this live-action version does not live up to it, mainly because of its design choices. Lumière, Cogsworth, and Mrs. Potts look scary with their teeny-tiny eyes and mouths, making it difficult to read their expressions. While Dan Stevens rich, booming voice and stately presence suit his role as the Beastespecially in his rousing ballad Evermorethe CGI looks too artificial. The Beast should have been created with practical effects and makeup so that audiences could literally see the humanity underneath that Belle connects to. The biggest disappointment is Belles golden dress in the original film, it had rows of curtain-like fabric on her hoop skirt, but the new Wish-like version is flat and a cheesy bright yellow. Emma Watsons wafer-thin voice doesnt help her portrayal of the beloved bookworm either. 11  18 Theres an earlier remake of The Jungle Book that draws from Rudyard Kiplings novel as much as the Disney animated film. Unlike the current wave of Disney remakes, director and co-writer Stephen Sommers does not have to follow the same story beats, choosing to explore an adult Mowgli, played by the expressive Jason Scott Lee. This version of The Jungle Book is more of an Indiana Jones-style adventure, where Mowgli helps a British captain search for treasure while falling for the spirited Kitty, who knew him as a child. Unlike Jon Favreaus film, there are real animals rather than photorealistic ones, and they do not talk or sing. This version of The Jungle Book is certainly not the closest to the Disney original, but it has an old-fashioned, B-movie charm. 12  18 This is one of the few Disney live-action remakes from the 1990s. Glenn Close as Cruella De Vil is deliciously diabolical in her over-the-top performance, clashing with Jeff Daniels and Joely Richardson as the sweet couple who very quickly! fall in love. While we can admire the wrangling of so many Dalmatian puppieswho are known for being a stubborn breedthe story feels as scattered as the dogs spots. Written by John Hughes of Home Alone and National Lampoons Vacation fame, 101 Dalmatians jumps around from lighthearted romantic comedy to slapstick mishaps with Cruellas henchmen. 13  18 Maleficent might be the Disney live-action film that departs the most from its original source material, retelling the story of Sleeping Beauty 1959 through the villains eyes. Angelina Jolie is pitch-perfect as the regal fairy, draped in black, with green eyes that pierce into your soul. The film reveals a rich, dark history behind the kingdom and Auroras father, Stefan Sharlto Copley. Theres plenty of revision, especially in the reimagining of true loves kiss as a deeper bond that goes beyond mere romance. This unique angle adds dimension to a fairy tale that originally followed a simple good vs. evil structure. Visually, its hard to match the vibrant beauty of the original, but this films blue and yellow tones, the neon glows of the fairies, and its ornate medieval-style set design are captivating in their own way. 14  18 Halle Bailey delivers a show-stopping performance as Ariel. Her voice is the kind a sea witch would want to stealsoulful and melodic, with powerful belts that send full-body chills. The sea creatures she calls friends are not as expressive as in the animated film, but their personalities still shine through in little details, like Sebastians perpetually shocked eyes or Flounders tininess. The Little Mermaid stands out as one of the few Disney live-action films that thoughtfully expand on the original story and characters. Despite their language barrier, Ariel and Eric bond over their shared love of stargazing, cartography, and dreams of adventure, making their connection feel deeper than just surface attraction. Eric now lives on a Caribbean-inspired island with a culture that holds both respect and fear for the ocean and its mysteries. This dynamic makes the harmony between the humans and mermaids at the end of the movie feel more earned. 15  18 Kenneth Branagh helms this enchanting remake of the 1950 classic. Cinderella was always a bit of a dull princess, her personality mostly defined by her compassion for animals and patience for chores. But Lily James adds depth to the role, bringing a quiet inner strength that motivates her unrelenting kindness and positivity despite terrible circumstances. Her mantra, Have courage and be kind. For where there is kindness, there is goodness, and where there is goodness, there is magic, feels even more resonant today. Cate Blanchett also brings emotional intensity to the wicked stepmother, portraying a more genuine and lacerating cruelty. This Cinderella outdoes the originals famous dress, with layers upon layers of gossamer fabric creating a dazzling, billowy masterpiece that quickly becomes every little kids dream to wear. 16  18 Jon Favreau directs an adaptation of the 1967 classic about a little boy, Mowgli, raised by wolves, who makes his way through the labyrinthine jungle. Along the way, he crosses paths with the laid-back bear Baloo, who loves snoozing as much as he loves honey, and the pragmatic panther Bagheera. They serve as his friends and guides as he faces the menacing tiger Shere Khan. The photorealistic, computer-generated animation of the animals and surrounding environmentsthe lush greenery and bubbling waterfallsis breathtaking. The Jungle Book was filmed entirely on a green screen, meaning the actors never actually stepped outside, and often, the young actor Neel Sethi was interacting with puppet heads of animals or nothing at all! Yet nothing feels artificial. The Jungle Book is stunning, and even with its digital updates, it never loses the endearing personalities of its animal characters. 17  18 The 1977 live-actionanimated film is one of Disneys goofiest yet most tedious outputs, hardly seeming like a frontrunner for a live-action adaptation. However, David Lowerys version transforms the boy-meets-dragon tale into a gentle coming-of-age story with emotional heights that evoke Steven Spielbergs E.T. Pete Oakes Fegley, raised in the woods by his trusty, furry green dragon, Elliot, must save him from hunters from the outside world. Petes Dragon boasts a strong ensemble cast, including Bryce Dallas Howard, Robert Redford, Wes Bentley, and Karl Urban, who portray humble, everyday characters just seeking connection. The animation is incredible, with Elliot depicted as a puppy-like creature with expressive eyes and playful gestures. The dragon becomes a representation of the universal need for companionship and understanding, and his adventure is guaranteed to make you cry. 18  18

Shuhei Yoshida, the former president of Sony Interactive Studios, was there from day one of the PlayStation. And in a new interview, the former exec shared a story of how, on his first day at PlayStation, he got the chance to play the companys first game on the infamous Nintendo PlayStation system. In a recent interview with MinnMax, Yoshidawho left the company last month after 31 yearsexplained that when he was first brought on board the PlayStation team in 1993, Ken Kutaragi, The Father of the PlayStation, showed him the first game the team had put together. But it wasnt made for the PlayStation console you might have played in the 90s. Instead, it was developed for the failed Nintendo PlayStationa proposed device that would let the SNES play CD games. The first thing they showed us was that Nintendo Sony PlayStation, like a working prototype, said Yoshida. And also they had almost finished a game on it and I got to play the game on the system the day I joined. According to Yoshida, the game was a 2.5D or 3D space-shooter-like thing and used the power of the CD to stream in assets to create something similar to the Sega CD title Silpheed. Sadly, Yoshida doesnt remember who developed it, suggesting it might have been a team in the U.S. or Japan. When asked if its possible that this never-before-seen Nintendo PlayStation space shooter game still existed somewhere within Sonys archives, Yoshida seemed to think it was. I wouldnt be surprised if the game was saved. You know it was like on a CD so yeah, explained the former PlayStation Studios president. Now someone within Sony just needs to find that game and dump the rom online. Or maybe that will be one of the secrets buried in the next Astro Bot game.

Only recently, I passed on my GameCube to my nephew who was just starting college. He wanted something to play Mario Kart and GoldenEye on with new friends, and apparently its proving a hit. But this means I dont have a GameCube. So lets check eBay... 100,000?! OK, lets be sensible, you can actually pick up one of Nintendos classic cuboid consoles for around 60 to 80. That will only get you a regular model, however, and not a pre-release Space World 2000 version of the machine. Of all the various special edition GameCubes that appeared during the consoles heyday 24 years ago, as IGN reports, the Space World is the rarest. Hence the astonishing and yet still rather hopeful price tag. This particular model was a prototype design, one of five, that appeared at Nintendos annual Space World trade show in Japan in the year 2000. It was to be the penultimate Space World, but also the beginning of the adorable machines life, as it was unveiled at the eventalongside the Game Boy Advance. The prototype was lost for a couple of decades, and then rediscovered in 2023. Its apparently 1mm bigger in all dimensions than the final retail GameCube, has a different-shaped vent at the back, and, well, didnt have a CPU or GPU inside. Which is to say, yes, this is a 100,000 GameCube that cant play games. As the eBay description reads, This is a display unit. The only thing that works is the little LED on top. And honestly, Im impressed the light still turns on a quarter of a century later. The current owner says theyre selling the model in order to fund a place where people can gather to play games, where the entire family can enjoy, people can meet other people, talk with people who feel uncomfortable with other people, and make the visitors feel young again. Which sounds lovely. But be sure before you buy. The sales page makes clear theres no-takes-backsies. I do not run a shop, please, no refunds if the console is not to your liking. .

Looking to get some help from Ares in Hades II? In the second major patch since the game launched in early access, the Warsong Update, Supergiant has added this new Olympian, and you can get him on your side. However, youll have to impress him before you can earn any of his boonsheres what you need to do to unlock Ares in Hades II. To find Ares, youll first need to make a long run up to the surface. Youll need to fight the boss thats waiting at the top of the summit. Whether you win or lose, on your next run youll find Ares signature blood-red symbol. When you see him, make sure you give him Nectar if possible. As a thank you, youll get a Keepsake from the god to guarantee one of his boons on a night you want it! Like most of the other Olympians in this iteration, Ares functions a bit differently from the first game. Instead of using Doom, many of the boons from Ares inflict wounds which do extra damage on a cooldown of three seconds. Other blessings from the war god can synergize with wounds even better, including a particularly powerful one that gives your strikes a chance to deal double damage to wounded enemies. In addition, many of his other boons create blades, whether it be on your sprint path or the area of your cast. These blades are at their best when combined with the Apollo duo boon, which makes the blades do damage in a large area rather than their small default hitbox. The classic blade rifts from the first game also make a return as a possible Omega Cast boon, and the rifts remain long after your cast expires. The best new mechanic that Ares offers, though, is Blood Drops. Boons like Profuse Bleeding and Visceral Impact will make either enemies or you drop Blood Drops. When collected, these increase your attack speed by one percent for each drop, stacking for the rest of the encounter. You can see your current progress in a percentage indicator that appears over Melinoë in a red font when you collect each drop. In longer encounters, namely boss fights, this effect becomes incredibly noticeable. With the war god now by your side, theres even more ways to kill Timeand the monstrous beast that youve now seen at the summit of Mount Olympus. Hades II is available in early access on Steam and the Epic Games Store. .

And pre-orderers can play up to five days early. Demon Slayer -Kimetsu no Yaiba- The Hinokami Chronicles 2 is scheduled to be released in North America and Europe on 5th August, 2025. To celebrate, Segas dropped an all new story trailer - which you can see below - and confirmed that players who pre-order the Digital Deluxe Edition can play up to five days early. Weve also learned more about the different editions up for grabs. The Digital Deluxe Edition will retail for around 65, and the Digital Standard Edition and physical edition for 55. Heres what each edition includes Digital Deluxe Edition Digital Standard Edition Physical Edition Digital pre-orders go live on 3rd March for PlayStation, Xbox, and Steam platforms. However, the Nintendo Switch version will follow later. Theres also bonuses up for grabs for linking your save data from either Demon Slayer -Kimetsu no Yaiba- The Hinokami Chronicles or Demon Slayer -Kimetsu no Yaiba- Sweep the Board! Providing you use the same platform, players with save data from The Hinokami Chronicles get six Kimetsu Academy Character Unlock Keys  Tanjiro Kamado, Nezuko Kamado, Zenitsu Agatsuma, Inosuke Hashibira, Shinobu Kocho, and Giyu Tomioka. Bonuses for Sweep the Board! Saves include one character unlock key - Hinatsuru, Makio, and Suma all three serve as one playable character and three battle attire costumes  Hinatsuru Meal Prep, Makio Meal Prep, and Suma Meal Prep. Demon Slayer -Kimetsu no Yaiba- The Hinokami Chronicles 2 is coming to Nintendo Switch family of systems, PC via Steam, PS5, Xbox Series XS, and last-gen consoles. Like the first game, this will be an arena fighter with a story mode continuing where the original left off. It follows teenage protagonist Tanjiro Kamado and promises fans will be able to relive many of the exciting moments from Entertainment District Arc, Swordsmith Village Arc, and Hashira Training Arc. Demon Slayer The Hinokami Chronicles - developed by CyberConnect2, the Japanese studio known for other anime and manga adaptations like Dragon Ball Z Kakarot and Naruto Ultimate Ninja - has sold over 4m units worldwide since its release in 2021. Demon Slayer -Kimetsu no Yaiba- The Hinokami Chronicles 2 PS4, PS5, Xbox One, Xbox Series XS, PC, Nintendo Switch Eurogamer is better when you sign in Join our community of gamers and get access to personalised reading recommendations and much more! Eurogamer.net is owned by Gamer Network Limited, an IGN Entertainment company and subsidiary of Ziff Davis.  2025 Gamer Network Limited, 18 Mansell Street Level 3, London, E1 8AA, United Kingdom. Company number 03882481. All rights reserved. No part of this website or its content may be reproduced without the copyright owners permission.

Whats best for the beasts? Knowing the Monster Hunter Wilds weapon tier list will help pick the best weapon type for you. After all, Capcoms latest hunt-em-up is bigger and badder than ever with a whole array of new fearsome foes to conquer. As with Monster Hunter World, there are 14 weapon types, and while weve already put together a handy weapon type explainer of what each does spoiler alert, it involves dealing damage to monsters, this time around were ranking them from best to worst. The best weapon type is likely to be a point of personal preference for most players, but its worth remembering that you can now take two weapons out into the field with you. With that in mind, its worth taking one youre familiar with, and something else youre looking to spend some time learning - as with other Monster Hunter titles, every weapon has its own learning curve, and what works best for this writer might not be best for you. With that in mind, were ranking the best Monster Hunter Wilds weapons from S tier to C tier. On this page If youd like more monster slaying assistance, check out our Monster Hunter Wilds walkthrough where all of our guides are listed. In many ways, there are no best or worst weapons in Monster Hunter Wilds, since as with prior games they can be better in certain situations. Playing with a group? A Hunting Horn among your squad could be a huge boon, but its not necessarily the weapon youd reach for when you hunt solo. With that in mind, our tier rankings are formed of how satisfying the weapon is to use, how useful it is in a variety of circumstances, and how much fun you can have while wielding it. S-Tier A-Tier B-Tier Heres a more in-depth look at the best weapons in Monster Hunter Wilds ranked. Remember - these rankings are subjective. With the caveats of preference out of the way, these five weapons mark the pinnacle of Monster Hunter Wilds sizeable arsenal. Long Sword Arguably the coolest weapon to wield and one that many players will gravitate towards, it has plenty of reach and a Spirit Gauge that builds through dealing damage before letting players unleash flashy attacks. Its great for new and experienced players alike, and ideal for making use of the new Wound system. Secondary weapon Try adding a Bow for ranged damage, or a Great Sword for bigger hits. Great Sword A classic whichever way you slice it, the Great Sword maybe isnt as flashy as the Long Sword but it can be handy for moments when a monster is pinning and you can wind up a series of big attacks. Its slow, but its a little more forgiving in Wilds since you can tiptoe to adjust your angles mid-combo, and the option to guard is always welcome. Secondary weapon Pair with something nimble, like the Insect Glaive or Dual Blades. Bow One of two ranged weapons in S-Tier, the Bow is simple to understand but has additional potential thanks to the Tracker added in Wilds which means rounds are more likely to hit. Add to that the fact its ideal for pulling a monsters focus away from your teammates, plus its great for aerial threats, and the Bow earns a spot on your Seikret. Secondary weapon Something for melee combat is key, so whatever you feel comfortable with. Heavy Bowgun Dont let the name fool you, this is essentially a machine gun with various weapon types which means you can tweak your playstyle on an ad hoc basis to account for a monsters weaknesses. If you can manage your ammo, its a great beginners weapon which still feels powerful and versatile, while pairing nicely with melee companions. Secondary weapon Again, something for melee is crucial, preferably something that keeps you light on your feet like the Dual Blades. Insect Glaive It may not be all that common, but the Insect Glaive is one of Monster Hunter Wilds most enjoyable weapons to use, with a focus on mobility and aerial manoeuvres that cant be matched. Using your weapon to pogo and bring the hurt to a monster from the skies is great, but having an additional air dodge can be crucial in some of the games tougher fights. We have a guide covering our best Insect Glaive build and one on how to manage Kinsects if youd like to learn more about this weapon. Secondary weapon The Insect Glaive doesnt hit as hard as some, so consider a Hammer or Great Sword for a chance to do bigger damage when the opportunity arises. A-Tier is very, very slightly behind S-Tier, and again much of this comes down to how you want to play. Dual Blades Dual Blades are the fastest weapon in Monster Hunter Wilds, and while they dont do a great deal of damage on their own, shifting to Demon Mode does buff damage considerably and allow additional combats. Theyre also handy for applying status effects, and you can stay mobile while you attack, too, which is just as well since they offer no real defence. Secondary weapon Again, big damage is welcome, but you might want to try using something with range like a Bow or Bowgun variant. Hammer The Hammer lacks some of the nuance of others on this list, but makes up for it with sheer damage output and the opportunity to stun monsters when hitting their head. It can also do a great job of knocking off parts of monsters, and besides that its an enormous hammer with some huge, easy-to-use combos which are always fun. Secondary weapon Consider packing a weapon that does severing damage to go with the blunt force trauma of the Hammer. Sword and Shield Its not the most exciting, but Sword and Shield might end up being the easiest weapon type for beginners, earning it a spot in A-Tier. Its got fast attacking potential backed up by a shield, but low damage numbers will mean you could be wailing on an enemy for a while before seeing any real results. Secondary weapon The Sword and Shield is pretty balanced, but you might want to think about having something more exotic - consider using the secondary slot to experiment. Charge Blade A weapon that can snowball into a power-hitter very quickly, the Charge Blade offers two weapon configurations and switching between them is key. With their own movesets, though, it can be a tricky combo to learn - so youll definitely want to spend some time in the Training Area. Secondary weapon Consider something that hits hard and fast, like a Long Sword or Dual Blades. Light Bowgun The Light Bowgun is, as the name suggests, a version of the Heavy Bowgun that trades damage for increased mobility, making it less likely youll be caught in an awkward spot. It lacks stopping power, but it does let you tool around with ammo types like its heavier sibling, meaning if one doesnt suit your playstyle, the other might. Secondary weapon Again, something melee-focused will do the trick here, maybe a heavy-hitter like the Great Sword. Gunlance Monster Hunter veterans may swear by the Gunlances explosive payloads and shield, combined with the lance part, but its not always easy to get to grips with. If you have used it before, however, youll find its just as viable as its ever been here, particularly with its devastating Wyverns Fire attacks. Secondary weapon The choice is yours since the Gunlance is dual-purpose, but maybe something simpler like the Dual Blades would be an ideal tonic. While weve put these in the bottom tier, each has plenty of advantages over the options above. Lance One of the most consistent weapons in the game when it comes to blocking, the Lance lacks movement options but its rangy enough to have fun with the Wound system. The trouble is, its just too slow to be able to throw yourself at a monster at times, meaning you often feel as though youre holding back somewhat. Secondary weapon Something that makes it easy to move mid-fight, like the Long Sword or Dual Blades would work nicely. Switch Axe The Switch Axe is likely to be a favourite of many returning players, but for newcomers its a lot to take in. It has two forms, but if you go for a big hit you could be left stranded and with little defence, plus learning to juggle the two can often leave new players confused. Secondary weapon Another weapon thats a little slow, wed opt for a Long Sword in reserve. Hunting Horn Somewhat memed in the community for its inherent silliness, the Hunting Horn can be the difference between a successful hunt and a failed one but requires a skilled wielder. It can hit hard, but its best for supporting other players, making it to recommend in solo content. Secondary weapon Anything that you feel comfortable using solo! Best of luck in Monster Hunter Wilds! Monster Hunter Wilds Video Game Eurogamer is better when you sign in Join our community of gamers and get access to personalised reading recommendations and much more! Monster Hunter Wilds walkthrough, tips and tricks How to switch to secondary weapon in Monster Hunter Wilds Where to get Firestone in Monster Hunter Wilds How to get Flame Sac in Monster Hunter Wilds How to get Guardian Seikret Feather in Monster Hunter Wilds How to get Ember Rufflizard in Monster Hunter Wilds How to get Rime Beetle in Monster Hunter Wilds All Monster Hunter Wilds weapon types explained Eurogamer.net is owned by Gamer Network Limited, an IGN Entertainment company and subsidiary of Ziff Davis.  2025 Gamer Network Limited, 18 Mansell Street Level 3, London, E1 8AA, United Kingdom. Company number 03882481. All rights reserved. No part of this website or its content may be reproduced without the copyright owners permission.

A lot of MacBook for the price. In anticipation of the new M4 MacBook Air thats hopefully arriving soon, retailers have slashed the prices of older models. If you arent fussed about the new model, and you want to grab a bit of a bargain on a MacBook Air, its a good time to strike. As such, it makes this deal on a beefed-up M2 model quite excellent from Laptops Direct. This is a model with more RAM and storage than the base model, and is available for only a little more than one. In spite of this being a couple of generations old, it still remains a capable machine for everything from intensive workloads to more basic choices, offering solid power, a great display and marvellous endurance. For 830, that seems like a bit of a steal. The M2 processor inside the Air makes for quite an efficient and powerful one. It comes with eight CPU cores and 10 GPU cores, and is a powerful option for video editing that outruns even the fastest Intel-based Mac desktops and laptops. M2 represents only a small upgrade over M1, so we wouldnt recommend this for anyone thats already on an M1 machine unless theyre really testing the limits already. However, if youre moving from any form of Intel-based MacBook, then youre going to see some beefy performance boosts - its night and day difference. Take it from me as someone who moved from the last of the Intel-powered MacBook Pros to an M1 Pro option a couple of years ago - it pays dividends for efficiency and power. As well as offering an M2 processor, this model comes with 16GB of RAM, giving you a lot more headroom for intensive tasks than the standard 8GB base model would traditionally provide you with. This means this MacBook Air is suitable for all manner of multi-tasking and more intensive workloads, such as high-res video editing, without really breaking a sweat. You also get a larger 512GB SSD inside, which is sufficient for your programs and a reasonable amount of data. Even if it is upgraded against the meagre 256GB on the base model, wed recommend getting a fast portable SSD or other external or network-attached storage if youll be doing video editing or storing large media libraries which you can have quick and easy access to. Of course, you can also use any number of USB drives or external HDDs you may have laying around, but a fast portable SSD will provide quicker access, and its good fortune that were seeing a lot more portable SSD deals in line with seemingly continiously falling flash storage prices. This M2 MacBook Air also comes with a 13.6-inch Liquid Retina display that should provide accurate colours as well as an especially vibrant experience, although its port selection of a pair of USB-Cs and one MagSafe port does leave a little to be desired. As someone who was subject to the pain of Apples minimal options for connectivity in previous times, it is a bit of hassle, but you can find plenty of USB-C dongles for reasonable money these days to offer you better connectivity. As for battery life, Apple says this MacBook Air should last for up to 18 hours on a single charge, giving you good endurance for a couple of working days away from the charger. If youre after a solid M2 MacBook Air with some beefed-up specs for good money, look no further than this brilliant Laptops Direct deal. Eurogamer is better when you sign in Join our community of gamers and get access to personalised reading recommendations and much more! Eurogamer.net is owned by Gamer Network Limited, an IGN Entertainment company and subsidiary of Ziff Davis.  2025 Gamer Network Limited, 18 Mansell Street Level 3, London, E1 8AA, United Kingdom. Company number 03882481. All rights reserved. No part of this website or its content may be reproduced without the copyright owners permission.

Another one Cenobites the dust. Dead by Deadlight is waving goodbye to a horror icon. Developer Behaviour Interactive has announced Pinhead - and his Hellraiser Chapter DLC - is being yanked from sale on 4th April. Pinhead joined the Dead by Daylight roster back in September 2021, following in the footsteps of other legends of horror including Halloweens Michael Myers, Nightmare on Elm Streets Freddy Krueger, and Texas Chainsaw Massacres Leatherface. As Hellraiser might have it though, where theres pleasure, theres also pain, and Pinhead - AKA The Cenobite - is shuffling back to his corner of Hell early next month, taking his fancy box of torment with him. As explained in Behaviours announcement, however, hes only retreating from digital store fronts - existing owners can continue playing with old needle-bonce after 4th April, but no new purchases of the Hellraiser Chapter DLC will be possible. If that news has suddenly spurred you into a last-minute FOMO purchase, its additionally worth noting the Hellraiser DLC is being removed from first-party digital stores from today, 4th March with the exception of Switchs eShop, which says goodbye to Pinhead on 18th March, but itll still be available to purchase via Dead by Daylights in-game store until 4pm GMT on 4th April. And to encourage a few final purchases ahead of the Hellraiser Chapters removal, Behaviour is discounting The Cenobite and his Cosmetics by 50 precent in Dead by Daylights store. Behaviour hasnt explained why the DLC is being removed from sale its official FAQ goes with the line, As with all Live-Service Games frequent updates and additions are to be expected, but the answer is almost certainly licensing-related. Dead by Daylightss Stranger Things DLC was similarly withdrawn in 2019, although that did eventually return, implying Pinhead could also be back - if only Behaviours legal team can solve that pesky Lament Configuration. Dead by Daylight PS4, Xbox One, PC, Nintendo Switch Eurogamer is better when you sign in Join our community of gamers and get access to personalised reading recommendations and much more! Feature  The anatomy of a scare how do games frighten you? Dead by Daylight codes Dead by Daylight adding Dungeons  Dragons and Castlevania chapters this year Dead by Daylight teases dark fantasy era with Dungeons  Dragons themed collaboration 2024s best April Fools Day jokes includes Sonic, Cyberpunk, Elden Ring Dead by Daylight teams up with Iron Maiden Layoffs hit Dead by Daylight developer Behaviour Interactive, report says Alan Wake is coming to Dead by Daylight later this month Eurogamer.net is owned by Gamer Network Limited, an IGN Entertainment company and subsidiary of Ziff Davis.  2025 Gamer Network Limited, 18 Mansell Street Level 3, London, E1 8AA, United Kingdom. Company number 03882481. All rights reserved. No part of this website or its content may be reproduced without the copyright owners permission.

Please enable JavaScript to see comments. Activision accused of AI slop yet again, this time for new Guitar Hero Opinion  Pokémon games have become consistently ugly, and its alright to wish they werent GTA developer announces Rockstar Australia studio, bringing LA Noire boss back into the fold Nintendo says latest legal win against piracy significant for entire games industry Review  Split Fiction review Xbox Game Pass will lose at least eight games in early March Preview  Playing Clair Obscur Expedition 33 for three hours has confirmed all my hopes and fears about this gorgeous new action RPG 8-bit classic Head Over Heels is back with chickens, enhanced visuals, and a brand-new world Eurogamer.net is owned by Gamer Network Limited, an IGN Entertainment company and subsidiary of Ziff Davis.  2025 Gamer Network Limited, 18 Mansell Street Level 3, London, E1 8AA, United Kingdom. Company number 03882481. All rights reserved. No part of this website or its content may be reproduced without the copyright owners permission.

