التشخيص الدقيق من أول مرة تعتمد فعالية العلاج على دقة التشخيص. يتميز خبراؤنا بالكفاءة العالية في تشخيص وعلاج أصعب الحالات الطبية. الأعلى تصنيفا في الولايات المتحدة حققت مايو كلينك المرتبة الأولى أكثر من أي مستشفى آخر في البلاد حسب تصنيفات U.S. News.اقرأ أكثر عن التخصصات التي حصدنا أعلى التصنيفات فيها. نحرص على تسهيل إجراءات الحصول على العلاج في مايو كلينك للمرضى من جميع أنحاء العالم. اطلع على مناطق تواجد مايو كلينك أو اختر أحد المواقع التالية لمعرفة المزيد عنه. نجد الحلول لأخطر التحديات الطبية في العالم وأكثرها تعقيدا. تساهم التبرعات وهي قابلة للخصم الضريبي في دعم آخر التطورات في الأبحاث وطرق الرعاية لإحداث نقلة نوعية في الطب.  1998-2025 مؤسسة مايو للتعليم والبحث الطبي. جميع الحقوق محفوظة.

Easy-to-understand answers about diseases and conditions Ulcer, aphthous Ulcer, peptic Ulcer, rectal Ulnar-sided wrist pain Uncontrollable laughter and crying Underactive thyroid Under-eye puffiness Upset stomach Urine, blood in Urticaria Urticaria Uterine cancer Uterine leiomyoma Uterine myoma Uterus didelphys UTI Mayo Clinic does not endorse companies or products. Advertising revenue supports our non-profit mission. Your donation powers the future of medicine and helps save lives.  1998-2025 Mayo Foundation for Medical Education and Research MFMER. All rights reserved.

Mayo Clinic specialists are respected for their expertise and experience caring for people with brain tumors, including those with all types of glioma. Kay Pool Ive been skating since I was five. One of my favorite things to do is to bring the kids and be able to have them involved in that, too. My first symptoms, I had two grand mal seizures. We have a young family, we were expecting a baby. Then in December I had a major focal seizure. I couldnt speak at all. Daniel Lachance, M.D. Ms. Pool came to Mayo Clinic after having some epileptic seizures and those seizures led to imaging studies of the brain, and we shortly learned that she had a glioma, which is a type of primary tumor of the brain. Ian Parney, M.D. One of the things, though, that was very unique about her case was that when this happened, she was expecting. She was 21 weeks pregnant. The best treatment for baby is the best treatment for mom in these situations, so we wanted to go ahead and think about surgery for her. That was a complex thing. Kay Pool We had already talked to Dr. Lachance, so we knew what they had suggested, which was to have the awake brain surgery. And we talked to Dr. Parney. He was very specific about what was going to happen, so we didnt have to wonder. Byron Pool You know, its not an operation that happens every day. And she was confident, he was confident. And because of where the tumor was and the fact that it affected her speech, that was kind of our only option. Ian Parney, M.D. I cant overemphasize how important it is to have experience in managing things as brain tumors. Here at Mayo Clinic, we perform over 1,000 brain tumor procedures per year just in Rochester alone. Byron Pool We really like the fact that they werent afraid to ask other doctors questions either. We felt like we had a real team working for us. Ian Parney, M.D. We had folks from neurology, from neuro-oncology, from neurosurgery. Daniel Lachance, M.D. And then a high-risk obstetrics team to help manage the pregnancy. Ian Parney, M.D. Everybody just brings a wealth of experience, which really translates to better outcomes. Kay Pool We just felt like everyone felt confident about this being the best choice for us. Ian Parney, M.D. She came through the surgery very well, without any major neurological problems. One of the really cool things for me was at the end of the procedure we had the ultrasound of the baby, and I swear the baby waved at me. It was really an exciting thing. Kay Pool Im really thankful that I get to be a mom to two great kids. Really enjoying that time day to day has been wonderful. At Mayo Clinic, specialists within the Brain Tumor Program work together to provide comprehensive care for people with glioma. Your care team might include neuro-oncologists, neurosurgeons, neurologists, oncologists, radiation oncologists, pathologists and radiologists. This means that youre not getting just one opinion. You benefit from the knowledge and experience of each specialist. Close collaboration enables the team to have your test results available quickly and to coordinate scheduling your appointments. Evaluation and treatment that might take months elsewhere can typically be done in only a matter of days at Mayo Clinic. Accurate diagnosis is critical for providing appropriate treatment for each person. Once you start down a treatment path, it may not be possible to change therapies. With brain tumor experts focused on glioma care, Mayo Clinic doctors are able to make accurate diagnoses and recommend appropriate treatments from the start. Doctors at Mayo Clinic have access to the latest imaging technology to make an accurate diagnosis and plan treatment. This includes advanced types of MRI, such as functional MRI, perfusion MRI and magnetic resonance spectroscopy. Mayo Clinic specialists care for many people referred by their doctors from local clinics that arent equipped to treat them. For example, Mayo Clinic experts have experience treating glioma during pregnancy and performing MRIs on people with implanted devices, such as pacemakers. Mayo Clinic neurosurgeons use the latest operative techniques to treat glioma. Examples include These techniques increase the amount of the glioma that can be safely removed during surgery, while reducing the risk of functional deficits. Using these advanced approaches to surgery improves outcomes and increases quality of life after surgery. At Mayo Clinic, you have access to a full range of treatment options. This includes many innovative types of radiation therapy that allow doctors to deliver radiation directly to the glioma. These include Mayo Clinic doctors use the latest techniques to deliver chemotherapy and targeted therapy to the brain. This includes wafer-based chemotherapy treatment and using a pump to deliver medicine directly to the brain, which is called convection-enhanced delivery. The Mayo Clinic Comprehensive Cancer Center meets the strict standards for a National Cancer Institute-designated comprehensive cancer center. These standards recognize scientific excellence and a multispecialty approach focused on cancer prevention, diagnosis and treatment. Mayo Clinic participates in the Alliance for Clinical Trials in Oncology. This organization brings together scientists throughout the U.S. and Canada. They work together to conduct clinical trials and reduce the impact of cancer. Our patients tell us that the quality of their interactions, our attention to detail and the efficiency of their visits mean health care like theyve never experienced. See the stories of satisfied Mayo Clinic patients. Mike stands proudly upon the North Shore of Lake Superior. In August 2021, then-28-year-old Mike Knudson set out on what he thought would be an adventure-filled hiking vacation inside Glacier National Park in Montana. Little did he know at the time that this journey into nature would be the start of an unexpected life path. It all began innocuously enough just before Mike was scheduled to leave for his trip. One morning before work, he Mayo Clinic specialists are widely respected for their expertise and experience in caring for people with brain tumors. Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minnesota, Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, Florida, and Mayo Clinic in PhoenixScottsdale, Arizona., rank among the Best Hospitals for neurology and neurosurgery and for cancer in the U.S. News  World Report rankings. Mayo Clinic Childrens Center in Rochester is ranked the No. 1 hospital in Minnesota, and the five-state region of Iowa, Minnesota, North Dakota, South Dakota and Wisconsin, according to U.S. News  World Reports 20242025 Best Childrens Hospitals rankings. With the emphasis on collaborative care, specialists interact very closely with their colleagues across all sites. Learn more about the expertise and rankings of Mayo Clinic departments, including Neurology and Neurosurgery. Highly skilled pediatric experts diagnose and treat all types of conditions in children. As a team, we work together to find answers, set goals and develop a treatment plan tailored to your childs needs. Learn more about the Childrens Center. Mayo Clinic has major campuses in Phoenix and Scottsdale, Arizona Jacksonville, Florida and Rochester, Minnesota. The Mayo Clinic Health System has dozens of locations in several states. For more information on visiting Mayo Clinic, choose your location below Mayo Clinic works with hundreds of insurance companies and is an in-network provider for millions of people. In most cases, Mayo Clinic doesnt require a physician referral. Some insurers require referrals or may have additional requirements for certain medical care. All appointments are prioritized on the basis of medical need. Learn more about appointments at Mayo Clinic. Please contact your insurance company to verify medical coverage and to obtain any needed authorization prior to your visit. Often, your insurers customer service number is printed on the back of your insurance card. More information about billing and insurance Mayo Clinic in Arizona, Florida and Minnesota Mayo Clinic Health System Connect with others like you for support and answers to your questions in the Brain Tumor support group on Mayo Clinic Connect, a patient community. 375 Replies Fri, Mar 07, 2025 30 Replies Fri, Mar 07, 2025 16 Replies Fri, Mar 07, 2025 Your donation powers the future of medicine and helps save lives.  1998-2025 Mayo Foundation for Medical Education and Research MFMER. All rights reserved.

Taekwondo grandmaster Maurice Orange gets a second chance after a motorcycle crash. Read Maurices story A groundbreaking virtual care program allowed Salvadoran mom Veronica Ciudad-Real to recover at home after a bone marrow transplant. Read Veronicas story Mayo Clinic is the largest integrated, not-for-profit medical group practice in the world. Were building the future, one where the best possible care is available to everyone  and more people can heal at home. Our relentless research turns into earlier diagnoses and new cures. Thats how we inspire hope in those who need it most. Innovating for new solutions At Mayo Clinic, experts work together to solve the most challenging unmet needs of patients. Our history of innovation dates back almost 150 years, when brothers Will and Charlie Mayo pioneered an integrated, team-based approach to medicine. Today, that trailblazing spirit drives innovations like Mayo Clinic Platform  which powers new technologies to change how care is delivered to all. Top rankings for quality care Our unwavering drive to create better medical care has earned Mayo Clinic more top rankings for high-quality patient care than any other health care organization. In fact, Mayo Clinic has more No. 1 rankings than any other hospital according to U.S. News  World Report. Innovating for new solutions At Mayo Clinic, experts work together to solve the most challenging unmet needs of patients. Our history of innovation dates back almost 150 years, when brothers Will and Charlie Mayo pioneered an integrated, team-based approach to medicine. Today, that trailblazing spirit drives innovations like Mayo Clinic Platform  which powers new technologies to change how care is delivered to all. Top rankings for quality care Our unwavering drive to create better medical care has earned Mayo Clinic more top rankings for high-quality patient care than any other health care organization. In fact, Mayo Clinic has more No. 1 rankings than any other hospital according to U.S. News  World Report. We think big and act boldly to improve the health of communities and accelerate equality and diversity in health care. We share our knowledge globally, impact policy, and partner with others to create lasting  and much-needed  change for a healthier world. Improving health equity We partner with community organizations to end health disparities through education programs, personalized health care, and community-engaged research. Were accelerating recruitment of diverse investigators and clinical trial participants to eliminate bias in medicine and science and ensure more cures for all. Were strengthening our diversity and inclusion pipelines for health care professionals and leadership development. Were also using our platform to make innovative care accessible for all. And were just getting started. 100M 100 million over the next 10 years to eliminate racism and advance equity and inclusion within Mayo Clinic  and to improve health equity. 50 50 reduction in greenhouse gas emissions and 20 reduction in energy within 10 years as part of our commitment to the Better Climate Challenge. Everyone at Mayo Clinic is on a mission to provide compassionate, world-class care to each person, in every connection. That includes 1.3 million patients from over 130 countries who visit Mayo Clinic campuses each year. We also train future health leaders who share our drive to transform health care. Mayo Clinic is a nonprofit organization committed to clinical practice, education, and research, providing whole-person care to everyone who needs healing. Here, experts solve the biggest health care challenges together. Behind our top rankings, youll find a diverse, inclusive culture of teamwork, excellence, mutual respect, and dedication to putting patients first. We are undaunted by the unknown and walk alongside patients on their journeys to find answers and solutions. Mayo Clinic is a nonprofit organization committed to clinical practice, education, and research, providing whole-person care to everyone who needs healing. Here, experts solve the biggest health care challenges together. Behind our top rankings, youll find a diverse, inclusive culture of teamwork, excellence, mutual respect, and dedication to putting patients first. We are undaunted by the unknown and walk alongside patients on their journeys to find answers and solutions. A diverse staff makes every single aspect of our organization better. At Mayo Clinic, we work to create the right environment for our staff to thrive, feel valued, enjoy their work, and provide an unparalleled patient experience. Gianrico Farrugia, M.D. President  CEO, Mayo Clinic Campuses in Minnesota, Arizona, and Florida, a network of regional clinics and hospitals, and international locations Overseeing our charitable, clinical, scientific, and educational mission Public reporting information for our participation as a Medicare ACO Helping us provide the best care to every patient Expertise and resources for member medical organizations Mayo Clinic is committed to providing whole-person care to everyone who needs healing. Your donation powers the future of medicine and helps save lives.  1998-2025 Mayo Foundation for Medical Education and Research MFMER. All rights reserved.

Every year, people from more than 150 countries travel to Mayo Clinic to receive timely diagnoses and specialty care in a place designed to feel more like home. Our dedicated International Patient Services team can help you with the appointment process, making travel plans, finding living accommodations and more, so you can focus on whats most important your health. At Mayo Clinic we understand that planning an international trip can be stressful, especially when youre worried about your health. We offer information and resources to help you through the process. Everything you need to know about receiving care at Mayo Clinic is explained in our Patient and Visitor Guide, including how to make the most of your appointment and travel planning. Mayo Clinic is an international medical clinic known around the world for top-quality care and cutting-edge research. We have major campuses in the United States, including Arizona, Florida and Minnesota, and Mayo Clinic Healthcare in London, England. Each U.S. campus has an International Center that can help with interpreters, travel planning, cost estimates and more. Mayo Clinic is top-ranked for quality more often than any other healthcare organization in the U.S. These endorsements underscore Mayo Clinics unwavering commitment to delivering world-class care to each global patient, every day. With offices all over the world, Mayo Clinic makes it easy to get help requesting appointments and arranging travel. Mayo Clinic has several representative offices for international residents interested in receiving medical care at Mayo Clinic. Staff who speak your language will answer your questions and help you communicate with Mayo Clinic locations in the U.S. Jacksonville, Florida PhoenixScottsdale, Arizona and Rochester, Minnesota and Mayo Clinic Healthcare in London, England. Free services include Mayo Clinic works with independent referral organizations that facilitate the referral process for people who wish to visit Mayo Clinic. Listen to one international patient share her experience traveling to Mayo Clinic for the care she needed. MUSIC PLAYING VERONICA CIUDAD-REAL, PATIENT My name is Veronica Ciudad-Real, and I am 40 years old and I was born in El Salvador. I was diagnosed with multiple myeloma in February 2021. For me, it was really a surprise because I did not know about this disease. SIKANDER AILAWADHI, M.D., HEMATOLOGIST AND ONCOLOGIST There are several aspects of Veronicas case and her care that are unique. They stand out and they actually bring out the benefit that Mayo Clinic, as an institution, can bring to international patients, frankly, across the globe. In Veronicas case, she got diagnosed with multiple myeloma. She started doing some research on her own and connected with her sister, who was in the U.S., in Orlando. Mayo Clinic came very high on the list of their research online, and their local physician mentioned to them that actually there was a Mayo Clinic liaison office in El Salvador. JEANNETTE CIUDAD-REAL, SISTER I called Claudia Fernandez, and she says she was the regional rep for Mayo Clinic based in El Salvador. That she worked with the international cases. And for me, it was a sign from God. It was a hope for my sister, Veronica, that we can bring her to the United States SIKANDER AILAWADHI, M.D., HEMATOLOGIST AND ONCOLOGIST Veronica was now in a situation to potentially travel, to get access to a stem cell transplant, which she did not have access to back at home. Im thankful to her doctor in El Salvador, who was a great partner, and Im so very thankful to the Mayo Clinic office in El Salvador, who acted as liaisons and literally hand-carried her care throughout the process till she reached the U.S. MUSIC SIKANDER AILAWADHI, M.D., HEMATOLOGIST AND ONCOLOGIST So we had just embarked upon this different program, another unique program thats called Advanced Care at Home. She would be able to stay outside the hospital and literally the hospital infrastructure would go to the patients home every day and set it up for around-the-clock monitoring. We offered that option to Veronica and her sister. JEANNETTE CIUDAD-REAL, SISTER They gave us the opportunity like a family to be with her. We rented the Airbnb, that was our home. She felt that everybody is focusing on her 24 hours a day, the call center, the nurses, the paramedics, the pharmacy. Everything is coordinated. MUSIC VERONICA CIUDAD-REAL, PATIENT I feel that it is a very accurate program for people who are going through these procedures, since being with the family or being close the family, emotionally and physically, the recovery is much faster. Amazing, and I felt super good because I was accompanied by my family, they can say the same because it helped us all, all of us. SIKANDER AILAWADHI, M.D., HEMATOLOGIST AND ONCOLOGIST With how we all came together to treat Veronica, she can expect to live her life very close to normal for at least the next several years. She can watch her daughter grow. JEANNETTE CIUDAD-REAL, SISTER Now shes recovering. That hope that we have when we met Mayo Clinic. We know we are okay. We are happy. We are grateful. With God and with you guys. VERONICA CIUDAD-REAL, PATIENT I am extremely grateful to Mayo Clinic. It has been a very nice experience to feel at home, even without knowing the language. That has been super important for me because I have felt loved, by everyone, by all the staff. They have a spectacular team. I mean, I dont know, I dont know how to say more. MUSIC PLAYING END Our specialists listen to your story, evaluate your condition from every angle, and develop a diagnosis and treatment plan thats just for you. Learn about our U.S. and London campuses Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minnesota, offers free concierge services to make your visit easier. Cardiovascular Medicine Cardiovascular Medicine Cardiovascular Surgery Cardiovascular Surgery Executive health program Executive health program Gastroenterology and Hepatology Gastroenterology and Hepatology Neurology Neurology Neurosurgery Neurosurgery Mayo Clinic Comprehensive Cancer Center Mayo Clinic Comprehensive Cancer Center Complex orthopedics, including Orthopedic Surgery, Orthopedic Oncology and more Complex orthopedics, including Orthopedic Surgery, Orthopedic Oncology and more Transplant Transplant Your donation powers the future of medicine and helps save lives.  1998-2025 Mayo Foundation for Medical Education and Research MFMER. All rights reserved.

More  Search Health Topics Quick Links More  Quick Links More  Quick Links More  Quick Links More  Quick Links More  Quick Links Protecting your privacy is very important to us. Our Web site links to other National Institutes of Health NIH sites, federal agency sites and occasionally, to private organizations. Once you leave the primary NIH.gov site, you are subject to the privacy policy for the sites you are visiting. We do not collect any personally identifiable information PII about you during your visit to NIH Web sites unless you choose to provide it to us. We do, however, collect some data about your visit to our Web site to help us better understand how the public uses the site and how to make it more helpful. We collect information from visitors who read, browse, andor download information from our Web site. NIH never collects information for commercial marketing or any purpose unrelated to the NIH mission and goals. When visitors submit questions or comments via the Ask NIH online form, NIH staff responds to the inquiries and files them. Only designated staff members requiring access to the emails to respond, may view, or answer them. When you browse through any Web site, certain information about your visit can be collected. We automatically collect and temporarily store the following type of information about your visit We use this information to measure the number of visitors to our site and its various sections and to help make our site more useful to visitors. This information cannot be used to identify you as an individual. NIH.gov uses Google Analytics to collect the information in the bulleted list in the Types of Information Collected section above. Google Analytics gathers information automatically and continuously. No Personally Identifiable Information PII is collected. NIH staff conducts analyses and reports on the aggregated data from Google Analytics and those reports are only available to NIH.gov managers, members of the NIH.gov communications and web teams, and other designated staff who require this information to perform their duties. Additionally, NIH.gov participates in the Digital Analytics Program DAP, in which Google Analytics data is collected from websites across the Federal Government. For more information on DAP, please visit the DigitalGov website. NIH also uses online surveys to collect opinions and feedback from a random sample of visitors. NIH.gov uses the ForeSee Results American Customer Satisfaction Index ACSI online survey to obtain feedback and data on visitors satisfaction with the NIH.gov website. This survey does not collect PII. Although the survey invitation pops up for a random sample of visitors, it is optional. If you decline the survey, you will still have access to the identical information and resources at the NIH.gov site as those who do not take the survey. The survey reports are available only to NIH.gov managers, members of the NIH.gov Communications and Web Teams, and other designated staff who require this information to perform their duties. NIH retains the data from Google Analytics, and ACSI survey results as long as needed to support the mission of the NIH.gov website. The Office of Management and Budget Memo M-10-22, Guidance for Online Use of Web Measurement and Customization Technologies allows Federal agencies to use session and persistent cookies. When you visit any Web site, its server may generate a piece of text known as a cookie to place on your computer. The cookie allows the server to remember specific information about your visit while you are connected. The cookie makes it easier for you to use the dynamic features of Web pages. Cookies from NIH Web pages only collect information about your browsers visit to the site they do not collect personal information about you. There are two types of cookies, single session temporary, and multi-session persistent. Session cookies last only as long as your Web browser is open. Once you close your browser, the cookie disappears. Persistent cookies are stored on your computer for longer periods. We use session cookies for technical purposes such as to enable better navigation through our site. These cookies let our server know that you are continuing a visit to our site. The OMB Memo 10-22 Guidance defines our use of session cookies as Usage Tier 1  Single Session. The policy says, This tier encompasses any use of single session web measurement and customization technologies. We use persistent cookies to enable Webtrends and Google Analytics to differentiate between new and returning NIH.gov visitors. Persistent cookies remain on your computer between visits to NIH.gov until they expire. We also use persistent cookies to block repeated invitations to take the ACSI survey. The persistent cookies that block repeated survey invitations expire in 90 days. The OMB Memo 10-22 Guidance defines our use of persistent cookies as Usage Tier 2  Multi-session without Personally Identifiable Information PII. The policy says, This tier encompasses any use of multi-session Web measurement and customization technologies when no PII is collected. If you do not wish to have session or persistent cookies placed on your computer, you can disable them using your Web browser. If you opt out of cookies, you will still have access to all information and resources at NIH.gov. Instructions for disabling or opting out of cookies in the most popular browsers are located at httpswww.usa.govoptout-instructions. Please note that by following the instructions to opt-out of cookies, you will disable cookies from all sources, not just those from NIH.gov. You do not have to give us personal information to visit the NIH Web sites. However, if you choose to receive alerts or e-newsletters, we collect your email address to complete the subscription process. If you choose to provide us with personally identifiable information, that is, information that is personal in nature and which may be used to identify you, through an e-mail message, request for information, paper or electronic form, questionnaire, customer satisfaction survey, epidemiology research study, etc., we will maintain the information you provide only as long as needed to respond to your question or to fulfill the stated purpose of the communication. If we store your personal information in a record system designed to retrieve information about you by personal identifier name, personal email address, home mailing address, personal or mobile phone number, etc., so that we may contact you, we will safeguard the information you provide to us in accordance with the Privacy Act of 1974, as amended 5 U.S.C. Section 552a. If NIH operates a record system designed to retrieve information about you in order to accomplish its mission, a Privacy Act Notification Statement should be prominently and conspicuously displayed on the public-facing website or form which asks you to provide personally identifiable information. The notice must address the following five criteria For further information about NIH privacy policy, please contact the NIH Senior Official for Privacy at privacymail.nih.gov call 301-496-4606 or visit httpsoma.od.nih.govDMSPagesPrivacy-Program.aspx. NIH uses web measurement and customization technologies to help our Web sites function better for visitors and to better understand how the public uses the online resources we provide. All uses of web-based technologies comply with existing policies with respect to privacy and data safeguarding standards. Information Technology IT systems owned and operated by NIH are assessed using Privacy Impact Assessments PIAs posted for public view on the Department of Health and Human Services DHHS Web site httpwww.hhs.govpia. NIH conducts and publishes a PIA for each use of a third-party website and application TPWA as they may have a different functionality or practice. TPWA PIAs are posted for public view on DHHS Web site httpwww.hhs.govpiaThird-Party. Groups of records that contain information about an individual and are designed to be retrieved by the individuals name or other personal identifier linked to the individual are covered by the Privacy Act of 1974, as amended 5 U.S.C. Section 552a. For these records, NIH System of Records Notices are published in the Federal Register and posted on the HHS System of Records Notices Website. When you visit the NIH InstituteCenter sites, please look for the Privacy Notice posted on the main pages. When web measurement and customization technologies are used, the Privacy PolicyNotice must provide NIH will retain data collected using the following technologies long enough to achieve the specified objective for which they were collected. The data generated from these activities falls under the National Archives and Records Administration NARA General Records Schedule GRS 20-item IC Electronic Records, and will be handled per the requirements of that schedule httpwww.archives.govrecords-mgmtgrsgrs20.html. As part of the OMB Memo M-10-06, Open Government Directive, the NIH uses a variety of new technologies and social media options to communicate and interact with citizens. These sites and applications include popular social networking and media sites, open source software communities and more. TPWAs are Web-based technologies that are not exclusively operated or controlled by NIH, such as applications not hosted on a.gov domain or those that are embedded on NIH Web pages. Users of TPWAs often share information with the general public, user community, andor the third-party operating the Web site. These actors may use this information in a variety of ways. TPWAs could cause PII to become available or accessible to NIH and the public, regardless of whether the information is explicitly solicited or collected by NIH. The following list includes some of the TPWAs we use and their purpose. NIH sometimes collects and uses PII made available through third-party Web sites. However, we do not share PII made available through third-party Web sites. Your activity on the third-party Web sites we use is governed by the security and privacy policy of those sites, which we have linked below. You should review the third-party privacy policies before using the sites and ensure that you understand how your information may be used. If you have an account with a third-party Web site, and choose to follow, like, friend, or comment, certain PII associated with your account may be made available to NIH based on the privacy policy of the third-party Web site and your privacy settings within that third-party Web site. Therefore, you should also adjust privacy settings on your account to match your preferences. For any NIH TPWA that collects PII, the list below also includes details on the information NIH collects and how we will protect your private information. NIH uses the AddThis service to allow you to bookmark and share the News in Health Web site content on a variety of social media sites. If you use the AddThis service to share content, you do not need to register or provide any personal information. AddThis collects non-personal data, including the aggregate and summary statistics on browsers and usage patterns. AddThis also uses non-personal data to manage the service efficiently and diagnose server problems. Although AddThis offers some analytics and usage data to NIH, these reports do not include any PII. The reports are password-protected and only available to NIH Managers, System Owners, Communications Staff, Web Teams, and other designated staff who require this information to perform their duties. The AddThis Privacy Policy is available at httpwww.addthis.comprivacy. NIH uses Bit.ly to shorten long URLs for use in email messages, Twitter feeds and on Facebook pages. Bit.ly collects and provides data on how often you as an email recipient or FacebookTwitter user, click on the shortened URLs distributed by NIH staff. Bit.ly analytics show how many people clicked on the URLs posted by NIH, compared to the total number of clicks on the shortened URLs. Bit.ly analytics do not provide any PII about the visitors who open the shortened links. The Bit.ly Privacy Policy is available at httpsbitly.compagesprivacy. NIH has three main Facebook pages  National Institutes of Health NIH, NIH Research Matters, and News in Health. Many other NIH Institutes and Centers ICs sponsor their own Facebook pages. IC Facebook Privacy Policies are located on the individual IC web sites, which can found by clicking on the respective IC from the NIH homepage httpswww.nih.gov. NIH Facebook pages are managed by NIH staff members who post news and other items of interest to be consumed by the public. If you have a Facebook account, you can log in to your account to post comments, and like NIH Facebook pages and individual entries. If once you click on an NIH Facebook page, you comment or click on the like button, your PII will be visible to NIH staff and other Facebook site visitors. The amount of visible personal information displayed will depend on your own Facebook privacy settings. You can completely avoid displaying any PII by not creating a Facebook account, not posting comments, not clicking on the like options, or interacting with NIH Facebook accounts in any way i.e., private messaging, sharing NIH posts, etc.. NIH staff do not collect, use or disclose any information about visitors who comment or like the NIH Facebook sites. However, as a practice, comment moderator policy requires the removal from NIH Facebook pages of any comments that contain spam or are improper, inflammatory, off-topic or offensive. Repeat offenders may be subject to banning. The information is then saved on a password-protected shared drive accessible to NIH Managers, System Owners, Communications Staff, Web Teams, and other designated staff who require this information to perform their duties. The Facebook Privacy Policy is available at httpswww.facebook.compolicy.php. NIH uses Flickr to upload and share photos and images related to the NIH mission and culture. NIH is responsible for the uploaded images on NIH-sponsored Flickr pages and must ensure that the images assigned for posting meet NIH quality standards and comply with all NIH, HHS, and federal policies. Images posted are produced by NIH and its Institutes and Centers ICs, and may include medical illustrations and other scientific images. Photos posted may also include pre-approved photos of NIH employees at events or in labs for the purpose of promoting the NIH mission and culture. You do not need to register with Flickr to view the images onNIH Flickr sites, because all NIH images posted on Flickr are visible in the public domain. However, if you choose to register, you will not provide PII directly to NIH. NIH has disabled the commenting feature on its Flickr sites. Therefore, PII cannot be collected or unintentionally received by NIH employees via the Flickr site. The Flickr Privacy Policy is available at httpspolicies.yahoo.comusenyahooprivacyproductsflickrindex.htm. NIH uses Google services such as Analytics and reCAPTCHA. Google Analytics information is used to measure the number of visitors to our site and its various sections and to distinguish between new and returning visitors to help make our site more useful to visitors. reCAPTCHA is used to protect our web forms from malicious activity. We do not collect your personally identifiable information PII through these services. The Google Privacy Policy is available at httpswww.google.comintlenpoliciesprivacy. NIH uses GovDelivery to send e-newsletters, alerts and other messages to visitors who subscribe to them. To subscribe to receive an NIH product, you must provide an email address and indicate your subscription preferences, including the items you want to receive. The email subscriber lists are password protected by GovDelivery. Only the NIH managers who send newsletters, alerts, or memos via GovDelivery and the staff members who monitor the results of email initiatives have access to the subscriber lists. GovDelivery never allows access to the subscriber lists to anyone outside of NIH for any purpose. GovDelivery collects and provides non-identifying information about the number of messages sent, clicks, and open rates. This information is password-protected and only available to NIH Managers, System Owners, Communications Staff, Web Teams, and other designated staff who require this information to perform their duties. The GovDelivery Privacy Policy is available at httpsgranicus.comprivacy-policy. NIH uses the groups feature on LinkedIn to engage with current and past employees and members of the public. In order to join a NIH group on LinkedIn, you must register for a LinkedIn account and provide your first and last name and e-mail address. Upon confirmation of your email address, you must provide LinkedIn with information regarding your employment, country, zip code, job title, etc. The amount of visible personal information will depend on your LinkedIn user privacy settings. You can completely avoid displaying any PII by not creating a LinkedIn account, not joining NIH LinkedIn groups, or not interacting with NIH LinkedIn groups in any way i.e., private messaging, posting on group pages, etc.. Although NIH staff managing LinkedIn groups may view the information you provide when you submit a request to join NIH LinkedIn groups, NIH staff does not collect, use, or disclose any of this information. The LinkedIn Privacy Policy is available at httpswww.linkedin.comlegalprivacy-policy. NIH has one main Pinterest page  National Institutes of Health NIH.Several other NIH Institutes and Centers ICs sponsor their own Pinterest pages. IC Pinterest Privacy Policies are located on the individual IC web sites, which can found by clicking on the respective IC from the NIH homepage httpswww.nih.gov. NIH Pinterest pages are managed by NIH staff members who post news and other items of interest to be consumed by the public. If you have a Pinterest account, you can log in to your account to post comments, like and repin NIH Pinterest postings and individual entries. When you chose to like, comment or repin an item from an NIH Pinterest account, your PII will be visible to NIH staff and other Pinterest site visitors. You can completely avoid displaying any PII by not creating a Pinterest account, not posting comments, not clicking on the like options and not sharing items from the NIH Pinterest page or NIH websites. NIH staff do not collect, use or disclose any information about visitors who comment, share, or like the NIH Pinterest sites or posts. However, as a practice, comment moderator policy requires the removal from NIH Pinterest pages of any comments that contain spam or are improper, inflammatory, or offensive. The Pinterest Privacy Policy is available at httpsabout.pinterest.comenprivacy-policy. NIH uses Polldaddy in conjunction with some NIH WordPress blogs to collect your click-opinions or rankings of drop-down menu preferences as a blog participant. Polldaddy is the only survey tool that is compatible with WordPress and most Polldaddy surveys are embedded within blog entries on NIH WordPress blogs. However, there are links to the Polldaddy site at the bottom of the survey form. You can vote on a topic using the Polldaddy form embedded on a NIH blog. However, to submit a comment, you must navigate directly to the Polldaddy site, provide your name, and e-mail address. Polldaddy automatically scans your comments prior to posting them to determine whether they are spam and, if so, deletes them. If the submission is not recognized as spam by the Polldaddy filtering program, the comment is immediately posted to the poll results published on the Polldaddy site. Considering the comments provided could potentially contain PII, any such unsolicited PII will not be posted on NIH blogs. Any information collected by NIH is de-identified and will be used solely for the purpose of engaging participants and gaining insight into public opinions. Comments will be viewable on the Polldaddy site. The Polldaddy Privacy Policy is available at httpspolldaddy.comprivacy. NIH uses Twitter to send short messages or Tweets up to 140 characters to share information about NIH with you and respond to your comments and inquiries sent via Twitter to NIH. While you may read the NIH Twitter feeds without subscribing to them, if you want to subscribe to or follow NIH Twitter feeds, you must create a Twitter account at www.twitter.com. To create an account, you must provide some personal information, such as your name, user name, password and email address. You have the option to provide additional personal information including a short biography, location or a picture. Most information you provide for a Twitter account is available to the public, but you can modify how much of your information is visible by changing your privacy settings at the Twitter.com Web site. NIH staff members monitor the number of subscribers and respond to comments and queries via Twitter, but the staff never takes possession of the personal information belonging to you as a Twitter follower. However, as a practice, comment moderator policy requires the removal from the NIH Twitter pages of any comments that contain spam or are improper, inflammatory, or offensive. The information is then saved on a password-protected shared drive accessible to NIH Managers, System Owners, Communications Staff, Web Teams, and other designated staff who require this information to perform their duties. The Twitter Privacy Policy is available at httpstwitter.comprivacy. NIH offers a variety of widgets that deliver small versions of selected NIH site content to other online locations outside of the site where the content originated. Widgets are portable pieces of code. They deliver information and links to any site or application where the widget is installed. You can install a widget on any PC or Mac Web page without requiring additional coding or configuration. If you choose to install NIH.gov widgets, they will not collect any type of PII from you. The Feedgrabbr Privacy Policy is available at httpsfeedgrabbr.comprivacy Note This is the privacy policy for the widget creator program, not the widgets themselves. NIH uses the WordPress.com blog platform to support its NIH Directors Blog initiative along with others, enabling visitors to interact with staff regarding news and initiatives posted by NIH leaders. As a visitor to an NIH Wordpress instance, you can access the NIH.gov home page and post comments. You do not need to register, provide your name, or supply any personal information. The comments are not collected, processed, or reported in any way. However, if you provide your name or other personally identifiable information PII, the information you provide will appear along with your feedback. Although WordPress offers some analytics and usage data to NIH, these reports do not include any PII. The reports are password- protected and only available to NIH Managers, System Owners, Communications Staff, Web Teams, and other designated staff that require this information to perform their duties. The WordPress.com Privacy Policy is available at httpsautomattic.comprivacy. NIH posts videos on YouTube to make them available to the public. You do not need to register with either YouTube or Google YouTube Owner to watch NIH YouTube videos. When you watch videos, YouTube may record non-personally identifiable information about their site usage, such as channels used, videos watched, and data transfer details to improve its services. If you log on to the YouTube site before watching NIH videos, YouTube may associate information about your site usage with your YouTube account. If you log onto YouTube and comment on an NIH video, any personal information you included on your YouTube profile page will be visible to visitors who click on the comment field. If you do not log in before watching NIH videos posted on YouTube, you cannot comment on NIH videos and your site usage will not be associated with you or a YouTube account. The YouTube Privacy Policy is available at httpswww.google.comintlenpoliciesprivacy. NIH conducts and publishes a Privacy Impact Assessment PIA for each use of a third-party website as they may have a different functionality or practice. To learn more, visit the published PIAs at httpwww.hhs.govpiaThird-Party. For more information on the uses of social and new media for which GSA has negotiated a federally-friendly Terms of Service Agreement, visit DigitalGov at httpswww.digitalgov.govresourcesnegotiated-terms-of-service-agreements. For further information about NIH privacy policy, please contact the NIH Senior Official for Privacy at privacymail.nih.gov call 301-451-3426 or visit httpsoma.od.nih.govDMSPagesPrivacy-Program.aspx. This page last reviewed on March 15, 2023 NIHTurning Discovery Into Health National Institutes of Health, 9000 Rockville Pike, Bethesda, Maryland 20892 U.S. Department of Health and Human Services

More  Search Health Topics Quick Links More  Quick Links More  Quick Links More  Quick Links More  Quick Links More  Quick Links National Cancer Institute NCI  Est. 1937 NCI leads a national effort to eliminate the suffering and death due to cancer. Through basic and clinical biomedical research and training, NCI conducts and supports research that will lead to a future in which we can prevent cancer before it starts, identify cancers that do develop at the earliest stage, eliminate cancers through innovative treatment interventions, and biologically control those cancers that we cannot eliminate so they become manageable, chronic diseases. National Eye Institute NEI  Est. 1968 The National Eye Institutes mission is to conduct and support research, training, health information dissemination, and other programs with respect to blinding eye diseases, visual disorders, mechanisms of visual function, preservation of sight, and the special health problems and requirements of the blind. National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute NHLBI  Est. 1948 The National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute NHLBI provides global leadership for a research, training, and education program to promote the prevention and treatment of heart, lung, and blood diseases and enhance the health of all individuals so that they can live longer and more fulfilling lives. The NHLBI stimulates basic discoveries about the causes of disease, enables the translation of basic discoveries into clinical practice, fosters training and mentoring of emerging scientists and physicians, and communicates research advances to the public. National Human Genome Research Institute NHGRI  Est. 1989 NHGRI is devoted to advancing health through genome research. The Institute led NIHs contribution to the Human Genome Project, which was successfully completed in 2003 ahead of schedule and under budget. Building on the foundation laid by the sequencing of the human genome, NHGRIs work now encompasses a broad range of research aimed at expanding understanding of human biology and improving human health. In addition, a critical part of NHGRIs mission continues to be the study of the ethical, legal and social implications of genome research. National Institute on Aging NIA  Est. 1974 NIA leads a national program of research on the biomedical, social, and behavioral aspects of the aging process the prevention of age-related diseases and disabilities and the promotion of a better quality of life for all older Americans. National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism NIAAA  Est. 1970 NIAAA conducts research focused on improving the treatment and prevention of alcoholism and alcohol-related problems to reduce the enormous health, social, and economic consequences of this disease. National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases NIAID  Est. 1948 NIAID research strives to understand, treat, and ultimately prevent the myriad infectious, immunologic, and allergic diseases that threaten millions of human lives. National Institute of Arthritis and Musculoskeletal and Skin Diseases NIAMS  Est. 1986 NIAMS supports research into the causes, treatment, and prevention of arthritis and musculoskeletal and skin diseases, the training of basic and clinical scientists to carry out this research, and the dissemination of information on research progress in these diseases. National Institute of Biomedical Imaging and Bioengineering NIBIB  Est. 2000 The mission of the National Institute of Biomedical Imaging and Bioengineering NIBIB is to transform through engineering the understanding of disease and its prevention, detection, diagnosis, and treatment. Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development NICHD  Est. 1962 NICHD leads research and training to understand human development, improve reproductive health, enhance the lives of children and adolescents, and optimize abilities for all. National Institute on Deafness and Other Communication Disorders NIDCD  Est. 1988 NIDCD conducts and supports biomedical research and research training on normal mechanisms as well as diseases and disorders of hearing, balance, smell, taste, voice, speech, and language that affect 46 million Americans. National Institute of Dental and Craniofacial Research NIDCR  Est. 1948 NIDCR provides leadership for a national research program designed to understand, treat, and ultimately prevent the infectious and inherited craniofacial-oral-dental diseases and disorders that compromise millions of human lives. National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases NIDDK  Est. 1950 The mission of the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases NIDDK is to conduct and support medical research and research training and to disseminate science-based information on diabetes and other endocrine and metabolic diseases digestive diseases, nutritional disorders, and obesity and kidney, urologic, and hematologic diseases, to improve peoples health and quality of life. National Institute on Drug Abuse NIDA  Est. 1974 The mission of the National Institute on Drug Abuse NIDA is to advance science on the causes and consequences of drug use and addiction and to apply that knowledge to improve individual and public health. National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences NIEHS  Est. 1969 The mission of the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences is to discover how the environment affects people in order to promote healthier lives. National Institute of General Medical Sciences NIGMS  Est. 1962 The National Institute of General Medical Sciences NIGMS supports basic research that increases our understanding of biological processes and lays the foundation for advances in disease diagnosis, treatment, and prevention. NIGMS also supports research in specific clinical areas that affect multiple organ systems anesthesiology and peri-operative pain clinical pharmacology common to multiple drugs and treatments and injury, critical illness, sepsis, and wound healing. NIGMS-funded scientists investigate how living systems work at a range of levelsfrom molecules and cells to tissues and organsin research organisms, humans, and populations. Additionally, to ensure the vitality and continued productivity of the research enterprise, NIGMS provides leadership in supporting the training of the next generation of scientists, broadening participation in the scientific workforce, and developing research capacity throughout the country. National Institute of Mental Health NIMH  Est. 1949 NIMH provides national leadership dedicated to understanding, treating, and preventing mental illnesses through basic research on the brain and behavior, and through clinical, epidemiological, and services research. National Institute on Minority Health and Health Disparities NIMHD  Est. 2010 NIMHD has a long history, beginning in 1990 as an Office and later designated a Center in 2000. The mission of NIMHD is to lead scientific research to improve minority health and eliminate health disparities. To accomplish its mission, NIMHD plans, reviews, coordinates, and evaluates all minority health and health disparities research and activities of the National Institutes of Health conducts and supports research in minority health and health disparities promotes and supports the training of a diverse research workforce translates and disseminates research information and fosters innovative collaborations and partnerships. National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke NINDS  Est. 1950 The mission of NINDS is to seek fundamental knowledge about the brain and nervous system and to use that knowledge to reduce the burden of neurological disease. To accomplish this goal the NINDS supports and conducts basic, translational, and clinical research on the normal and diseased nervous system. The Institute also fosters the training of investigators in the basic and clinical neurosciences, and seeks better understanding, diagnosis, treatment, and prevention of neurological disorders. National Institute of Nursing Research NINR  Est. 1986 The mission of the National Institute of Nursing Research NINR is to lead nursing research to solve pressing health challenges and inform practice and policyoptimizing health and advancing health equity into the future. National Library of Medicine NLM  Est. 1956 NLM collects, organizes, and makes available biomedical science information to scientists, health professionals, and the public. The Librarys Web-based databases, including PubMedMedline and MedlinePlus, are used extensively around the world. NLM conducts and supports research in biomedical communications creates information resources for molecular biology, biotechnology, toxicology, and environmental health and provides grant and contract support for training, medical library resources, and biomedical informatics and communications research. NIH Clinical Center CC  Est. 1953 The NIH Clinical Center, Americas research hospital, provides a versatile clinical research environment enabling the NIH mission to improve human health by investigating the pathogenesis of disease conducting first-in-human clinical trials with an emphasis on rare diseases and diseases of high public health impact developing state-of-the-art diagnostic, preventive, and therapeutic interventions training the current and next generations of clinical researchers and, ensuring that clinical research is ethical, efficient, and of high scientific quality. Center for Information Technology CIT  Est. 1964 CIT incorporates the power of modern computers into the biomedical programs and administrative procedures of the NIH by focusing on three primary activities conducting computational biosciences research, developing computer systems, and providing computer facilities. Center for Scientific Review CSR  Est. 1946 CSR is the portal for NIH grant applications and their review for scientific merit. CSR oversees and implements peer review for over 75 of the more than 88,000 applications submitted to NIH each year, as well as for some other components of HHS. The mission of CSR is to see that NIH grant applications receive fair, independent, expert, and timely scientific reviews  free from inappropriate influences  so NIH can fund the most promising research. Fogarty International Center FIC  Est. 1968 FIC promotes and supports scientific research and training internationally to reduce disparities in global health. National Center for Advancing Translational Sciences NCATS  Est. 2011 The mission of NCATS is to catalyze the generation of innovative methods and technologies that will enhance the development, testing, and implementation of diagnostics and therapeutics across a wide range of human diseases and conditions. National Center for Complementary and Integrative Health NCCIH  Est. 1999 The mission of NCCIH is to define, through rigorous scientific investigation, the usefulness and safety of complementary and integrative health interventions and their roles in improving health and health care. This page last reviewed on November 18, 2024 NIHTurning Discovery Into Health National Institutes of Health, 9000 Rockville Pike, Bethesda, Maryland 20892 U.S. Department of Health and Human Services

More  Search Health Topics Quick Links More  Quick Links More  Quick Links More  Quick Links More  Quick Links More  Quick Links The Office of the Director is the central office at NIH, and is responsible for setting policy for NIH and for planning, managing, and coordinating the programs and activities of all the NIH components. The NIH Director plays an active role in shaping the agencys activities and outlook. With a unique and critical perspective on the whole of the NIH, the Director is responsible for providing leadership to the Institutes and Centers, and for constantly identifying needs and opportunities, especially for efforts that involve multiple Institutes. NIHTurning Discovery Into Health National Institutes of Health, 9000 Rockville Pike, Bethesda, Maryland 20892 U.S. Department of Health and Human Services

More  Search Health Topics Quick Links More  Quick Links More  Quick Links More  Quick Links More  Quick Links More  Quick Links March 4, 2025 Cancer cells, which can grow and divide rapidly, often compete with each other and with surrounding normal cells for nutrients, oxygen, and other substances. However, studies have suggested that cells in tumors may sometimes need to cooperate to survive. A better understanding of how cancer cells cooperate could provide new targets for treatments. But this aspect of tumor growth has not been studied in depth. In a new study, funded in part by NIH, a team led by Dr. Carlos Carmona-Fontaine from New York University investigated a peculiar characteristic of cell growth called the Allee effect. In the Allee effect, the viability of a cell population drops below a certain cell density. This suggests the cells are somehow cooperating to survive. The study appeared on February 19, 2025, in Nature. To look at whether cancer cells exhibit an Allee effect, the researchers grew several types of cancer cells with various restricted nutrients. They found that depriving the cells of an amino acid that the cells need to grow appeared to create an Allee effect. Only higher-density cell populations survived under these conditions. This indicated that a cooperative survival strategy had kicked in. The team then further explored how cancer cells might be cooperating to survive in low-amino acid environments. Chains of amino acids called oligopeptides can be broken down by cells into individual amino acids. The scientists found that cancer cells released substances into their immediate environment that broke nearby oligopeptides down. Because this occurred outside the cancer cells, any cell in the immediate vicinity could use the resulting free amino acids. Further experiments found that a single enzyme called CNDP2 was needed to extract the amino acids from oligopeptides. When the researchers blocked CNDP2 activity in a variety of cancer cell types, the cells could no longer break down oligopeptides, and the populations died. The team next tested whether blocking CNDP2 could slow or stop tumor growth in living animals. They implanted mice with a type of lung cancer cell known to be sensitive to amino acid deprivation and fed the mice a diet designed to reduce circulating levels of these nutrients. Mice injected with a drug called bestatin, which blocks CNDP2, had substantially smaller tumors than mice injected with an inactive control compound. Even more dramatic results were seen when the team used techniques to delete the gene that produces CNDP2 from cancer cells. When fed the special diet, a significant number of the mice injected with these cells didnt develop observable tumors. These results suggest that inhibiting CNDP2 may be a promising therapeutic approach for cancer types sensitive to amino acid deprivation. Competition is still critical for tumor evolution and cancer progression, but our study suggests that cooperative interactions within tumors are also important, Carmona-Fontaine says. Thinking about these mechanisms that tumor cells exploit can inform future therapies. by Sharon Reynolds References Cooperative nutrient scavenging is an evolutionary advantage in cancer. Guzelsoy G, Elorza SD, Ros M, Schachtner LT, Hayashi M, Hobson-Gutierrez S, Rundstrom P, Brunner JS, Pillai R, Walkowicz WE, Finley LWS, Deforet M, Papagiannakopoulos T, Carmona-Fontaine C. Nature. 2025 Feb 19. doi 10.1038s41586-025-08588-w. Online ahead of print. PMID 39972131. Funding NIHs National Cancer Institute NCI and Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development NICHD American Cancer Society Pew Charitable Trust Fulbright Program Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center New York Stem Cell Foundation. Tracking diet from stool samples Diabetes boosts antibiotic resistance in mice Cancer cells can cooperate to grow Subscribe to get NIH Research Matters by email Mailing Address NIH Research Matters Bldg. 31, Rm. 5B52, MSC 2094 Bethesda, MD 20892-2094 Research in Context Can we slow aging? Research in Context Detecting cancer Risk and future burden of dementia in the United States Brain changes observed during pregnancy Building a better flu vaccine Editor Harrison Wein, Ph.D. Assistant Editors Vicki Contie and Brian Doctrow, Ph.D. NIH Research Matters is a weekly update of NIH research highlights reviewed by NIHs experts. Its published by the Office of Communications and Public Liaison in the NIH Office of the Director. ISSN 2375-9593 NIHTurning Discovery Into Health National Institutes of Health, 9000 Rockville Pike, Bethesda, Maryland 20892 U.S. Department of Health and Human Services

Totals 468 per year Totals 468 per year Best Offer Then 399year for 3 months, then 399year Save 15 Save 15 Savings start at 25! Savings start at 25! Best Offer 300 Annually per user Annually per user We offer discounted rates for students and nonprofits. Contact Us Gain unlimited access to STATs archive of articles  nearly 10 years of invaluable research, reference, and emerging trend tracking Gain unlimited access to STATs archive of articles  nearly 10 years of invaluable research, reference, and emerging trend tracking With STAT Email Alerts, you can select your favorite topics and journalists and get their latest stories sent straight to your inbox With STAT Email Alerts, you can select your favorite topics and journalists and get their latest stories sent straight to your inbox Exclusive subscriber-only newsletters are delivered to your inbox daily with in-depth commentary on the latest trends and discoveries Exclusive subscriber-only newsletters are delivered to your inbox daily with in-depth commentary on the latest trends and discoveries Unlock discounts and subscriber-only access to STATs award-winning Summits and over a dozen other in-person and virtual events Unlock discounts and subscriber-only access to STATs award-winning Summits and over a dozen other in-person and virtual events Access premium data tools and industry trackers to identify trends, study competitors, and dive deeper into subjects that matter to you Access premium data tools and industry trackers to identify trends, study competitors, and dive deeper into subjects that matter to you Become a STAT subscriber today Keep a finger on the pulse of the discoveries, personalities, and deals driving drug development, startup funding, and boardroom shakeups Keep a finger on the pulse of the discoveries, personalities, and deals driving drug development, startup funding, and boardroom shakeups Get the inside intelligence on how politics and policy are influencing health care and medicine straight from our team on Capitol Hill Get the inside intelligence on how politics and policy are influencing health care and medicine straight from our team on Capitol Hill From the latest on AI, to medical devices, to wearables, get exclusive analysis of the personalities and technologies disrupting health care From the latest on AI, to medical devices, to wearables, get exclusive analysis of the personalities and technologies disrupting health care Well take you inside the lab for a deeper understanding of new and breakthrough scientific research Well take you inside the lab for a deeper understanding of new and breakthrough scientific research  Colin P.  JB H. Become a STAT subscriber today You can cancel at any time. Totals 468 per year Totals 468 per year Best Offer Then 399year for 3 months, then 399year Save 15 Save 15 STAT is STATs all-access pass to our in-depth coverage of health and medicine. Youll get our expansive coverage of biotech, pharma, policy issues, the business of health care, health tech, public health and infectious diseases, and life sciences more generally. Your subscription comes with access to everything we publish, including every story, every newsletter, and more. STAT costs 399 for the full year or 39 on a month-to-month basis. Your card will be automatically charged based on the plan you choose when you subscribe. Our price covers the cost of daily coverage, two daily STAT newsletters, free access to exclusive subscriber only virtual events, discounts to STAT events and summits, and additional benefits. For more information about STAT benefits, please visit our FAQ page. We offer select discounts for those working at nonprofits, in the government, in academia, or are students. To learn more, email the team at email protected. Yes! If you are interested in access for more than 10, learn more about group rates here. Reporting from the frontiers of health and medicine Company Account More

Complete your personal information for a more tailored experience Home Dont miss out Subscribe to STAT today, for the best life sciences journalism in the industry By Theresa Gaffney March 5, 2025 Morning Rounds Writer and Podcast Producer Get your daily dose of health and medicine every weekday with STATs free newsletter Morning Rounds. Sign up here. Good morning! Take a look at STATs Obesity Drug Tracker, which was updated this morning, to learn the latest on the drug industrys love affair with weight loss medications. Spoiler There was some heartbreak. advertisement Aspiring biologist Satchel Bell wasnt surprised when he learned the NIH had canceled its elite, hands-on summer internship program for undergraduate students. It was a sad confirmation of the trend I was seeing, he told STATs Usha Lee McFarling. Last weeks abrupt decision to cancel the program, which has brought more than 1,000 students to NIH campuses every year for decades, was related to a freeze on hiring and new layers of program review, Usha learned. In the same week, Science reported that the National Science Foundation is defunding many sites in its own decades-old undergraduate research program. In every way, shape, form, actions being taken say dont go into science, Donna Ginther, an expert on the scientific workforce, told Usha. Read more about how students and early-career scientists are adjusting their career plans. advertisement Aspiring biologist Satchel Bell wasnt surprised when he learned the NIH had canceled its elite, hands-on summer internship program for undergraduate students. It was a sad confirmation of the trend I was seeing, he told STATs Usha Lee McFarling. Last weeks abrupt decision to cancel the program, which has brought more than 1,000 students to NIH campuses every year for decades, was related to a freeze on hiring and new layers of program review, Usha learned. In the same week, Science reported that the National Science Foundation is defunding many sites in its own decades-old undergraduate research program. In every way, shape, form, actions being taken say dont go into science, Donna Ginther, an expert on the scientific workforce, told Usha. Read more about how students and early-career scientists are adjusting their career plans. Thats how much the global number of osteoarthritis cases increased between 1990 and 2021 among women who have gone through menopause, according to research published yesterday in BMJ Global Health. Osteoarthritis occurs in the flexible cartilage in ones hips, knees, hands, and other joints. Over the study period, it occurred most often in the knee, which also led to the highest loss of healthy years of life. The study authors write that the increasing burden could likely be attributed to population expansion and aging. But they add that, despite the common understanding that post-menopausal women are at an increased risk of osteoarthritis, there remains a dearth of research specifically addressing OA in this particular demographic. Say it with me More research is needed. Drastic cuts to the NIH and federally funded research. Executive orders declaring only two genders and seeking to restrict access to gender-affirming care for trans young people. While many on the right are expectedly exultant about the changes President Trump is making across health and science, STATs Jason Mast reports that theres also been unlikely pushback from some conservative circles. advertisement Its coming across very chaotic, haphazard, right-wing conspiracy theorist Paul Alexander said after criticizing Musks broad firings in his newsletter. Jeffrey Flier, a former dean of Harvard Medical School who has written extensively against DEI efforts at universities, called Trumps approach moronic, and efforts to scrape through documents for specific language unsubtle, extreme, and in many ways dangerous. For his latest story, Jason spoke to two dozen people who had argued for institutional reform or expressed openness to the Trump administration  and found decidedly mixed emotions about the first six weeks. Read more. People who get a common surgery on a Friday have a significantly higher risk of complications, readmission to the hospital, and death as compared to people who got their operations on a Monday, according to a study published yesterday in JAMA Network Open. People talk broadly about a weekend effect, so the study looked at patient data for 25 common surgical procedures done in Ontario, Canada between 2007 and 2019. People with Friday procedures did worse 30 days, 90 days, and even a year after surgery. Its an observational study based solely on administrative data, but still. Overall, Friday patients had 5 higher odds of bad outcomes. The findings are consistent with previous research on the weekend effect, the study authors write. They add that the ubiquity of such an effect speaks to multifactorial causes that persist despite variations in health care structure, and that systems-level approaches may help to address the disparity. Last week, the FDA cancelled an upcoming vaccine advisory committee meeting to discuss influenza virus strains, committee member Paul Offit told STAT. The Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices, which develops recommendations for the CDC on vaccines for infections like the flu, measles, whooping cough, and polio, has been in place since 1964. ACIP, at its heart, is a public body that has served a critical role in reviewing the science to keep Americans healthy, a group of doctors, all of whom are former chairs of the committee, write in a new First Opinion. Read more on why they believe ACIPs work is so critical  and why theyre worried its mission is at risk. advertisement Theresa Gaffney Morning Rounds Writer and Podcast Producer Theresa Gaffney is the lead Morning Rounds writer and a podcast producer at STAT. You can reach Theresa on Signal at theresagaff.96. Understand how science, health policy, and medicine shape the world every day Your data will be processed in accordance with our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. You may opt out of receiving STAT communications at any time. By O. Rose Broderick By Theresa Gaffney advertisement By Elizabeth Cooney By Theresa Gaffney By O. Rose Broderick By Adam Feuerstein By Angus Chen By Adam Feuerstein By Bob Herman By Adam Feuerstein Share options X Bluesky LinkedIn Facebook Doximity Copy link Reprints Reporting from the frontiers of health and medicine Company Account More

Complete your personal information for a more tailored experience Home Dont miss out Subscribe to STAT today, for the best life sciences journalism in the industry By Theodore M. Brown March 7, 2025 Brown is professor emeritus of history and public health sciences at the University of Rochester. Soon after his inauguration as 47th president of the United States on Jan. 20, Donald Trump signed an executive order that withdrew the U.S. from membership in the World Health Organization. The order required the assistant to the president for national security affairs to bypass the WHO and establish directorates and coordinating mechanisms within the National Security Council apparatus  to safeguard public health and fortify biosecurity directed the secretary of state and the director of the Office of Management and Budget to pause future transfer of any U.S. funds, support, or resources to WHO and to recall and reassign U.S. government personnel or contractors working in any capacity with WHO and specified that while the withdrawal was in progress, the Secretary of State will cease negotiations on the WHO Pandemic Agreement and amendments to the International Health Regulations. Trumps withdrawal drew immediate and widespread condemnation from political, diplomatic, medical, public health, and philanthropic leaders around the world. advertisement However outrageous and dangerous Trumps actions may have been, it is by no means the first time that the United States has used its political muscle and the power of the purse to threaten and coerce the WHO. In fact, although never before so brutally and blatantly, the United States has bribed and bullied the WHO from the earliest days of the organization and there is good reason to believe that the U.S. is doing it again despite its claims to have reached a formal parting of the ways. The very notion of a modern international health organization was, in fact, an American idea, part of its blueprint for the post-World War II world stabilized by a set of multilateral institutions which facilitated technical cooperation and the hegemony of the United States. The U.S. held the purse strings of the WHO, initially contributing more than 35 of the multilateral health organizations budget, and the U.S. State Department made sure to insert loyalists to American foreign policy priorities in key positions. The United States also threw its weight on the side of a regional as opposed to a tightly centralized style of organization because it wanted to preserve its influence over public health in the Americas via the Pan American Health Organization, which became the American Regional Office of WHO and then all of WHO was forced to follow suit. The United States also insisted on the early launching of a naively ambitious WHO Malaria Eradication Program, despite the hesitancy of some of the worlds leading malariologists. It did so because the U.S. State Department saw malaria eradication as an effective Cold War strategy and realized that by providing funds to the new multilateral health organization, it could gain legitimacy and at the same time leverage its fiscal contribution. The United States aggressive tactics using WHO as its international health agency was one of the reasons the Soviet Union and its allies withdrew from the supposedly multilateral organization in 1949. Seven years later, the USSR returned to WHO and quickly proposed a new eradication program aimed at smallpox. The program was approved by the World Health Assembly, but the United States was unenthusiastic because it had major resources tied up in malaria eradication. Thus budgetary support for smallpox was meager, and the program languished until the United States decided in the mid-60s that smallpox eradication could serve its foreign policy objectives. Then the WHO very quickly came around, declared a major new initiative in the worldwide Smallpox Eradication Program SEP, and worked out a deal that would combine U.S. and Soviet resources and personnel under American leadership. advertisement Smallpox eradication proved a great public health and geopolitical success. But just as the WHO was celebrating its global triumph in 1980 it was already again feeling the heavy hand of the United States. Concurrent with the final stages of SEP was another heralded initiative of the WHO the campaign for health equity and primary care crystallized in the Alma Ata Declaration of 1978. This call for the just distribution of health both between and within countries in order to achieve Health for All by 2000 was the articulation of a long-sought social medicine ideal and an expression of the voice of the developing world. In the WHO that voice was channeled through Halfdan Mahler, the charismatic director general from 1973 to 1988. Many of those at Alma Ata prized the affirmation of the declaration as a spiritual moment, perhaps the most hallowed in the WHOs history. But the United States saw it as a clear sign that it and other developed nations had lost control of the World Health Assembly, which was now numerically dominated by representatives of countries from the Global South. These countries were often former colonies that had achieved independence and now strode on the world stage as developing nations demanding reparation-like economic assistance and access to services and technological aid. The U.S.s assessment of shifted political realities was also reflected in its anger about the World Health Assemblys decision in 1977 to create a list of Essential Medicines, which were defined as those to which people should have access at all times at generally affordable prices. The U.S. response to what it saw as the WHOs frightening turn in the 70s came first in a small meeting in Bellagio, Italy, attended by representatives of the wealthy American Ford and Rockefeller Foundations, the American-dominated World Bank, and the U.S. Agency for International Development. The outcome of this meeting was a plan for selective primary care as an alternative to the multi-sectoral and politically empowering approach to primary health care adopted at Alma Ata. advertisement Then with Ronald Reagans election as U.S. president in 1980 and his administrations hostility to both governmental and intergovernmental authority, U.S. budgetary commitment to multilateral organizations like the United Nations and the WHO very quickly diminished. As a result of pressure from the United States, the World Health Assembly froze the WHO budget, and in 1985 the U.S. refused to pay its assessed dues on the grounds that the latest version of the essential medicines list was contrary to the interests of U.S. pharmaceutical companies. The United States actions led immediately to a massive fiscal crisis at the WHO, and this crisis led to a dramatic tailspin in the organization. What saved WHO financially was a shift to extrabudgetary or voluntary contributions as opposed to continuing reliance on assessed dues that made up the regular budget. The regular budget was approved by votes in the World Health Assembly, but the voluntary budget was utilized largely according to donors wishes. The shift to extrabudgetary programs also provided an open opportunity for the World Bank, which was American-controlled and by the 1980s under the sway of neoliberal ideology that devalued national and multilateral authority, to exercise wide influence in international health initiatives once considered the WHOs domain. The bank began extending nutrition loans in the 1980s under former U.S. Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara, who served as president from 1968 to 1981, and in 1981 it offered a loan to Tunisia to expand its basic health services. In 1987, under the presidency of former U.S. Rep. Barber Conable, the World Bank published a study called Financing Health Services in Developing Countries, and by 1990 its loans for health added up to 263 million, which surpassed WHOs total budget. In 1993, under the presidency Lewis T. Preston, a former executive at U.S.-based J.P. Morgan, the largest commercial bank in the world, the World Bank published its first World Development Report entirely devoted to health, which the Lancet claimed marked a shift in leadership in international health. By 1996 the World Bank held a 8 billion portfolio of health programs, making it the worlds largest financier of international health activities. advertisement Not long after the World Bank ascended into global health leadership, it began to play a major role in facilitating the creation of new institutional entities and alliances that in various ways crowded and confused the international health landscape and further diminished WHOs authority and standing. Three of the most notable of these were Roll Back Malaria RBM, 1998, the Global Alliance for Vaccines and Immunization GAVI, 1999, and the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis, and Malaria Global Fund, 2002. RBM began with a broad agenda but soon narrowed its focus to DDT spraying to kill mosquito larvae and the distribution of insecticide-treated bed nets. GAVIs goal was to work with scientists and pharmaceutical companies to stimulate the development of new vaccines and bring them to market at reasonable prices, but in the process and like RBM in its anti-malaria initiatives, GAVI seriously undermined WHOs role in the worlds immunization efforts. The Global Fund raised enormous sums of money, but it too forced the WHO to accept a very much diminished role as a junior partner as the price of survival in the new global health order. In each case, the World Bank was a major player in the case of the Global Fund it served the role of trustee while Richard Feachem, a former high World Bank official, served as the Global Funds executive director from 2002 to 2007. In GAVI and the Global Fund, the American-controlled World Banks efforts were substantially supported by the newly created and massively funded Gates Foundation, started and controlled by American software billionaire turned philanthropist Bill Gates. WHO-diminishing initiatives also came directly from the U.S. government, which supported RBM, GAVI, and especially the Global Fund. In fact, in the latter case the U.S. Congress voted substantial budgetary support and U.S. President George W. Bushs Secretary of Health and Human Services Tommy Thomson served as chair of the Global Fund board. But in 2003 the Bush administration went beyond support for the Global Fund with its creation of the Presidents Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief PEPFAR, which committed 15 billion in bilateral aid to be spent over the following five years. Not only did the amount of money overwhelm anything that the WHO could possibly invest in HIVAIDS prevention and treatment, but it also cast a shadow on the work of the Global Fund in which the WHO had at least a nominal role. advertisement To make matters even more difficult for the WHO, PEPFAR came with stipulations important to the Bush administration that directly undermined several of WHOs long-term HIVAIDS priorities. First, PEPFAR steered away from generic medications, which the WHO had come around to supporting for developing countries and clearly signaled its rejection of the generics campaign by appointing Randall Tobias, former CEO of the American pharmaceutical giant Eli Lilly and Co., as U.S. Global AIDS Coordinator. Second, the Bush administration stipulated that at least one-third of PEPFARs prevention funds should be directed toward ineffective abstinence-based programs which also required all participants to sign an oath against engagement in prostitution, which undermined WHOs careful harm reduction work with sex workers. Both of these stipulations directly undermined WHOs long-term and far more sensitive prevention programs. Yet another way in which intrusive interventions by the United States undermined WHOs international standing followed from the U.S.s insistence in the 1990s that the agency place considerable new emphasis on emerging infectious diseases and their epidemic and pandemic surveillance. These diseases became an American preoccupation in the final decade of the 20th century, marked most notably by CDCs launching of a new journal, Emerging Infectious Diseases, in 1995. An important item on the U.S. agenda was to transfer this preoccupation to the WHO and to prod it to take on the upgrading of the International Health Regulations, which it oversaw but which were then quite out of date. WHO responded in various ways to U.S. pressure, including the appointment of David Heymann, an American physician and epidemiologist who had spent 13 years with the CDC, as WHOs first director of its new Program on Emerging and Communicable Diseases. Heymann served in that role from 1995 to 1998 and was then appointed the executive director of the WHO Communicable Disease Cluster from 1998 to 2003, helping guide WHOs response to Ebola, avian flu, and SARS outbreaks during his eight-year tenure. Heymanns work led directly to the reformulation of the International Health Regulations in 2005, a priority strongly pushed by the CDC. advertisement The irony is that the IHR as reformulated were quite problematic in that they very strictly limited the WHOs data collection and enforcement authority, which meant that its response to epidemic and pandemic outbreaks was legally circumscribed and, per necessity, of only limited effectiveness. That circumscribed response, for which the heavy hand of the United States was ultimately responsible, was President Trumps rationale in 2020 for drastically cutting the U.S.s financial support and withdrawing from WHO during the COVID pandemic. There were many other examples of unilateral U.S. intervention in the WHOs history that hampered or sidetracked the international health agency. But this time, the U.S. aim seems to be to hobble or substantially dismantle the WHO rather than to reshape it or hijack it for its own purposes. Merely leaving the organization is not enough the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has gone so far as to issue a guidance document saying, CDC staff should not be co-authors on manuscriptsabstracts with WHO staff. If the WHO survives this latest U.S. assault and limps into the future, it will almost certainly not be the organization that was dreamed of by its visionary architects in the 1940s or promoted by its idealistic and ardent supporters today. Theodore M. Brown, Ph.D., is professor emeritus of history and public health sciences at the University of Rochester. Have an opinion on this essay? Submit a letter to the editor. Theodore M. Brown The smartest thinkers in life sciences on whats happening  and whats to come Your data will be processed in accordance with our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. You may opt out of receiving STAT communications at any time. By Gairik Sachdeva By Abraham Santiago advertisement By Amesh A. Adalja and Agustina Vergara Cid By Bobby Jindal and Charlie Katebi By Grace Lee, José Romero, Nancy Bennett, Jonathan Temte, Carol Baker, and Myron Levin By Adam Feuerstein By Angus Chen By Adam Feuerstein By Bob Herman By Adam Feuerstein Share options X Bluesky LinkedIn Facebook Doximity Copy link Reprints Reporting from the frontiers of health and medicine Company Account More

Complete your personal information for a more tailored experience Home Dont miss out Subscribe to STAT today, for the best life sciences journalism in the industry By Adam Feuerstein March 3, 2025 Senior Writer, Biotech An experimental medicine from Protagonist Therapeutics stabilized red blood cells and improved symptoms in patients with a rare blood cancer  achieving the efficacy goals of a Phase 3 study. Based on the positive study results, announced Monday, Protagonist and its partner Takeda will submit the drug, called rusfertide, for approval in the U.S. and Europe later this year. The companies are developing the drug as a new treatment for polycythemia vera, a type of blood cancer that causes the overproduction of red blood cells. advertisement Shares of Protagonist were up 9 to 39.44 in early Monday trading. STAT Exclusive Story Already have an account? Log in Already have an account? Log in Monthly 39 Totals 468 per year Totals 468 per year Starter 30 for 3 months, then 399year Then 399year Annual 399 Save 15 Save 15 11 Users Custom Savings start at 25! Savings start at 25! 2-10 Users 300 Annually per user 300 Annually per user To read the rest of this story subscribe to STAT. Adam Feuerstein Senior Writer, Biotech Adam Feuerstein is a senior writer and biotech columnist, reporting on the crossroads of drug development, business, Wall Street, and biotechnology. He is also a co-host of the weekly biotech podcast The Readout Loud and author of the newsletter Adams Biotech Scorecard. You can reach Adam on Signal at stataf.54. Senior writer Adam Feuersteins unfiltered, uncompromising analysis on the biotech world Your data will be processed in accordance with our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. You may opt out of receiving STAT communications at any time. By Meghana Keshavan By Gairik Sachdeva advertisement By Lizzy Lawrence By Elaine Chen By Adam Feuerstein By Adam Feuerstein By Angus Chen By Adam Feuerstein By Bob Herman By Gairik Sachdeva Share options X Bluesky LinkedIn Facebook Doximity Copy link Reprints Reporting from the frontiers of health and medicine Company Account More

Complete your personal information for a more tailored experience Home Dont miss out Subscribe to STAT today, for the best life sciences journalism in the industry Insights and opinions from senior biotech writer Adam Feuerstein. Recent topics include Apellis Pharmaceuticals, Moonlake Immunotherapeutics, PDS Biotech, Rubius Therapeutics, Amylyx Pharmaceuticals and Anavex Life Sciences. advertisement advertisement advertisement Next Page  Your data will be processed in accordance with our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. You may opt out of receiving STAT communications at any time. Your data will be processed in accordance with our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. You may opt out of receiving STAT communications at any time. Reporting from the frontiers of health and medicine Company Account More

