A century ago, a German sociologist explained precisely how the president thinks about the world. Jonathan RauchFebruary 24, 2025 The tariffs are real, and they are spectacularly foolish. Rogé KarmaMarch 4, 2025 Trump tried to steal the 2020 election. He shows no sign that he would accept a loss in 2026. David Frum1240 AM ET In her response to Trumps address, Democratic Senator Elissa Slotkin failed to capture the hallucinatory nature of our national politics. Tom Nichols102 AM ET Some of the presidents own voters are ready to blame him if their lives dont improve soon. Sarah LongwellMarch 4, 2025 Its ugly, but necessary to face. David FrumFebruary 28, 2025 With the best intentions, the United Kingdom engineered a housing and energy shortage. Derek ThompsonMarch 3, 2025 A bitcoin reserve would be a government-backed grift. James SurowieckiMarch 4, 2025 Mere weeks into Trump 2.0, the war on wokeness is in full swing. Jerusalem DemsasMarch 4, 2025 He used the constitution to shatter the constitution. Timothy W. RybackJanuary 8, 2025 I know I sound naive, but this wasnt like a normal affair. Lori GottliebDecember 14, 2020 Reddits not perfect, but it may be the best platform on a junky web. Adrienne LaFranceApril 2025 Unemployment is low, but workers arent quitting and businesses arent hiring. Whats going on? Rogé KarmaFebruary 26, 2025 One of the worst maritime disasters in European history took place two decades ago. It remains very much in the public eye. On a stormy night on the Baltic Sea, more than 850 people lost their lives when a luxurious ferry sank below the waves. From a mass of material, including official and unofficial reports and survivor testimony, our correspondent has distilled an account of the Estonias last momentspart of his continuing coverage for the magazine of anarchy on the high seas. William LangewiescheMay 2004 James Murdoch on mind games, sibling rivalry, and the war for the family media empire McKay CoppinsApril 2025 The billionaire handled his ownership admirably for more than a decade. But his courage failed him when he needed it most. Martin BaronMarch 3, 2025 Americas regression could change the experience of childhood. Lora KelleyMarch 4, 2025 He simply likes Vladimir Putin better. Jonathan ChaitFebruary 28, 2025 Trumps deference to the Russian dictator has become full-blown imitation. Garry KasparovFebruary 28, 2025 Its gotten so bad, Im considering leaving him. James ParkerMarch 4, 2025

A short story A short story A short story A short story A short story A short story A short story A short story A short story A short story A short story A short story A short story A short story A short story Six stories from a thrilling array of voices A short story A short story A short story A short story TheAtlantic.com Copyright c 2025 by The Atlantic Monthly Group. All Rights Reserved.

Adrienne LaFrance is the executive editor of The Atlantic. She was previously a senior editor and staff writer at The Atlantic, and the editor of TheAtlantic.com. Before joining The Atlantic in 2014, LaFrance was an investigative reporter for several local and national news organizations, covering politics, technology, and media. She is a former reporter at WBUR, Hawaii Public Radio, Honolulu Weekly, Honolulu Civil Beat, and Nieman Journalism Lab. Her writing has also appeared in The New York Times, The Washington Post, and several other newspapers and magazines. We need a cultural and philosophical movement to meet the rise of artificial superintelligence. Reddits not perfect, but it may be the best platform on a junky web. Trump is punishing Americans who dont say the words he likes best. Thats not how it works in America. The too-short life of a comedy genius is a reminder to the rest of us to make good use of the time we are given. When fear spreads in a society, powerful people who know better are often the first to show their weakness. The brazen murder of a CEO in Midtown Manhattanand the cheering reaction to his executionamounts to a blinking-and-blaring warning signal for a society that has become already too inured to bloodshed. I ka makahiki 1893, ua hoʻokahuli ʻia ke aupuni ʻo Hawaiʻi e ko ʻAmelika. Makemake ko Hawaiʻi e kūʻokoʻa hou ai ke aupuni. In 1893, a U.S.-backed coup overthrew the Islands sovereign government. What does America owe Hawaii now? The former president is not just going after journalists. He is targeting all Americans. For years, experts have warned of a wave of political violence in America. We should prepare for things to get worse before they get better. Trumps denial of his own well-documented remarks is a tell. Get our guide to the days biggest news and ideas, delivered to your inbox every weekday and Sunday mornings. See more newsletters Your newsletter subscriptions are subject to The Atlantics Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Subscribe and support more than 160 years of independent journalism.

Mere weeks into Trump 2.0, the war on wokeness is in full swing. Subscribe here Apple Podcasts  Spotify  YouTube  Overcast  Pocket Casts Progressive ideas around race, gender, and immigration are under scrutiny by both the Republican-controlled federal government and Democrats chastened by the loss of the 2024 election. In this modern context, its easy to forget how persuasive these ideas once were. In 1995, just 25 percent of Democrats identified as liberal, while 46 called themselves moderate. Twenty years later, a sea change in public opinion had happened In 2015, 45 percent of Democrats called themselves liberals. Two political scientists and a researcher found that from 2011 to 2020 the attitudes of Democrats and independents became notably more liberal on racial inequality and immigration. But even looking after the period of anti-woke backlash that has characterized much of the past few years, attitudes among all Americans including Republicans are noticeably more liberal than they were in 2011, according to their research. Thats not to say that every part of what has been called wokeness was popular or even persuasive to the most liberal of poll respondents. But I think in the next few months and years, well come to see the anti-woke glee that has permeated through the first month of the Trump administration to be out of step with public opinion. Todays episode is a conversation I had last August with The New York Times Michelle Goldberg about a column she wrote, Wokeness Is Dying. We Might Miss It. The words she wrote then ring truer even now There are aspects of the New Progressivismits clunky neologisms and disdain for free speechthat Ill be glad to see go. But however overwrought the politics of 2020 were, they also represented a rare moment when there was suddenly enormous societal energy to tackle long-festering inequalities. The following is a transcript of the episode Jerusalem Demsas A few weeks ago, Darren Beattie was appointed to a senior role at the State Departmentacting Under Secretary for Public Diplomacy. Beattie is a known quantity. He was fired by the last Trump administration after it came out that hed attended and spoken at a conference with white nationalists. But this experience doesnt seem to have rattled him, in the following years he made many controversial remarks on twitter including that Competent white men must be in charge if you want things to work. Just watching the first few weeks of the new Presidents term indicates that curbing wokeness and cultural liberalism is top of mind for the administration. Its remarkable to look back on polling that shows that the economy, not the war on wokeness, was the top issue for Trump voters. But from directing removal of trans Americans in the military to rolling back DEI initiatives throughout the government, the Trump administration has made anti-wokeness a core focus. Music My names Jerusalem Demsas, Im a staff writer at the Atlantic and this is Good on Paper, a policy show that questions what we really know about popular narratives. These past few weeks have had me thinking back to a conversation I had with New York Times columnist Michelle Goldberg last year about whether Americans would miss wokeness when it was gone. No one, including myself, will defend every part of a movements form. There were many ridiculous DEI trainings, offensive instances of language policing, and stupid and counterproductive overreactions. But, as Goldberg wrote last year however overwrought the politics of 2020 were, they also represented a rare moment when there was suddenly enormous societal energy to tackle long-festering inequalities. Im excited to revisit this episode with you all today. Michelle, welcome to the show. Michelle Goldberg Thanks for having me. Demsas I read an article you wrote a few months ago, and it was called, Wokeness is Dying. We Might Miss It. And its been something Ive been reflecting on myself because I think that theres a conventional wisdom thats been built up in traditional mediaand then just a lot of our public discoursethat the backlash of the progressive tilt of the 2010s is a good thing, and that were seeing a good correction of a time period that went too far. And I thought that your article was a really interesting take on that idea. But before we get into all that, I wanted to ground us in what were even talking about. When we talk about wokeness, what are we talking about when you use that term? Goldberg Well, its a hard term to define. I actually rarely use it except in quote marks because its one of those terms that wasobviously started out in Black vernacular and then was appropriated by people who are really hostile to it. Basically, any time someone uses woke, you assume that theyre using it as an insult. Very few people actually identify their own politics that way. But how I often describe it, even if its a little clunky, is like a style of social-justice politics that is extremely focused on changing the world by changing the way we talk about the world. Demsas Its funny because as I was preparing for this episode, I was just looking back at before the 2010s, and it feels like we had a version of this before then. People would complain about political correctness all the time. And I wonder how you distinguish the two eras. Is this just a piece that has always been in our politicsit just changes forms and maybe the specific issues it cares about? Or is it actually something completely separate and different? Goldberg No. I think its basically a replay of the political correctness and the political-correctness backlash of the 1990s, which also came about at a time when you were seeing a lot more ethnic-studies, womens-studies, area-studies programs in universities some academic language starting to filter out into everyday life, a lot of people feeling really annoyed and alienated by that and then a right-wing backlash, which was out of proportion and was so much more damaging to progressive politics than any gains that they might have made through the evolution and language that people were pushing at the time. Demsas So when you chart the beginning of thisI think its hard because its fuzzy. I was looking back to see when people really started talking about this. Matt Yglesias has this piece in 2019 in Vox where he coined the term the Great Awokening, and he charts it then as beginning with the 2014 protests in Ferguson after Michael Brown was shot by a police officer. He looks at the increase that you see in polls in concern for racial inequality and discrimination and the simultaneous divergence of the Democratic Party, where you see racially conservative Democrats leave the party. And his story is very focused on race and immigration there. I think there are other people who would go even earlier, and then others who think it really takes off with Hillary Clinton. What time period are you really thinking about? Goldberg Its interesting that Matt Yglesias says that. I felt that was also maybe the year that this style of politics became really dominant in certain circles, if not in the culture at large. And I wouldnt just limit it to the debate about race and policing, because I think some of it comes out of Tumblr culture and just the perverse incentives of social media, the perverse incentives of left-wing politics. I wrote a piece in 2014 for The Nation, where I was a writer at the time, called, Feminisms Toxic Twitter Wars. And it wasnt about quote, unquote, wokeness. I dont remember if people were actually using that word at the time. But it was about this really destructive style of competitive self-righteousness. And one of the texts that helped me make sense of what was going on was an essay by a feminist writer named Jo Freeman from the 70s called, The Tyranny of Structurelessness, that was about howwhen you have ostensibly horizontal, leaderless organizationspeople do, in fact, fight for power and leaders emerge, but they do it through passive-aggressive and emotionally manipulative means. And so, this has always been an issue on the left its just that social media supercharged it. Demsas Yeah. Ive been thinking about how much of this is a story about technology, right? Social media, as you sayto unpack a bit, theres obviously an incentive to move to the extremes. People often only think about this in terms of talking about politics, in terms of, Oh, people are saying radical things. But if you scroll through TikTok or anythingand Im sure youve seen this stuff, tooyou see pretty shocking content in general people doing weird things with food, really bizarre things with different toys and things in order to just get the viewer confused and really fixated. Laughs. Goldberg Laughs. Right. Social media does two things On the one hand, it just incentivizes extremism because you need to catch peoples attention. And extremism can also serve as a form of novelty. But it alsoand Ive written about this, as wellthere used to be this idea that the problem with social media was that it kept people siloed in quote, unquote, filter bubbles, and I dont think thats the problem. I think the problem is that it exposes you to some of the most obnoxious examples on the other side, so it ends up furthering this negative polarization. Demsas Lets turn to the piece that you wrote. You titled it, Wokeness Is Dying. We Might Miss It. Why is wokeness dying, and why do you miss it? Goldberg Obviously, I dont miss all of it. As I write in the piece, there was tons of it that I have always foundIm kind of a cranky Gen-X person. I didnt like these clunky neologisms. I find some of the language, like the people-first languageIm trying to think of even Demsas Like saying person without housing, or saying unhoused instead of homeless? Goldberg Right. I do understand some of it. And thats the problem, that all of this you can understand in certain instincts. I do understand that theres certain language that can be really stigmatizing, and that theres reason for language to evolve. Im watchingmy kids are super into 30 Rock right now, and theyre constantly saying things on 30 Rock that my kids are like, Oh, my God. You cant say that! Demsas Laughs. Goldberg And that showI dont remember at the time feeling particularly provocative. And so the natural evolution of language is often a good thing. The forced evolution of language in a way that feels like it comes down from some really sanctimonious, prissy commissar is not a good thing. Although I just said that, we have to remember that there actually was no commissar. People, I thinkin reaction to stuff that really annoyed them, the kind of people who made their identity around opposition to wokenessthey almost had to inflate its danger to match the scale of their annoyance. Rather than something that, like, really bugged them or really seemed obnoxious, it had to be totalitarian. It had to be something that was remaking all of the systems of our society, which I just dont think was ever really true. But anyway, there was this very laudable attempt to correct systemic injustices in our society, systemic injustices that were really thrown into high relief for a lot of people by the election of Donald Trump. And one of the reasons I dont like this approach to politics is that changing the way you talk about things is one of the easiest things to do, as opposed to making concrete, material change. But nevertheless, its a step. It was a good thing that people felt less comfortable using certain kind of slurs. Let me put it this way It was a good thing that when J. D. Vance was writing to one of his left-wing classmates, who I believe he had described as a lesbian, but they were trans, and wrote these emails have now leaked this sensitive email that, you know, I love you. Im sorry if I misgendered you. I hope you know it was coming from a place of respectI think it was good that conservative men, or all sorts of people, felt the need to be a little bit more thoughtful and sensitive. Obviously, there was plenty of places where it veered into self-parody, and those places were exaggerated and amplified by a social-media panic, which has now led to a really ugly right-wing backlash. Demsas The definition you gave for wokeness, tooit really speaks to the idea that its about language and discourse policing in a way. And I wonderbecause it seems almost like a definition that has been won by the opponents of it, right? Because I would imagine the people in the 2010s who are really parts of these movementswhether theyre part of MeToo movement or theyre part of racial-justice movementsthere were very specific policy ideas and things that they were upset about. And many of them were very popular. Police brutality becomeseven amongst independents and, in some polls, even with Republicans, you see support for measures that would rein back police. Of course, the prosecution of people like Harvey Weinstein was very popular. And then, of course, something like abortion, which is seen as now the best issue for Democrats, is something thats obviously an issue about womens rights and feminism. But theres a way in which weve bifurcated these two things that Im not really sure how to think about. Because, at one point, I totally agree with you There is clearly an increased focus on what types of things people are saying, but that seems it was at least intended by some people to be a way to get people on board with a policy agenda. But those two things seem difficult to also separate. If youre looking for who your allies are and youre like, Whos misgendering trans people? That tells you whos part of your political movement. And I wonder how you think about how weve bifurcated the policy goals of these movements from the discourse policing, and were those two things really necessary to be together? Goldberg Its a complicated question. But I would agree with you that the intention of a lot of people was to make real-world change, not just to change the way people talk about things. Do you remember, at a certain point on the internet, there was this taboo against quote, unquote, tone policing? Demsas Yeah. Goldberg Which meant, in turn, that it was almost impossible for the left to either make or listen to any kind of critique of its rhetoric or the way it approached people who might be partially on board but not fully on board. And it ended up really alienating a lot of people outright and then creating this rumbling, subterranean resentment that was then able to be harnessed by really sinister forces. And I think its easy to say, Well, if you were attracted to fascism because you dont like being told what to say or because youre angry about some new terminology, then thats on you. And that shows that you always had these inclinations. But people have lots of different inclinations. And its the job of a social movement to, I think, meet people where they are and draw out the parts of them that you want to encourage. Demsas Well, it seems in your piece that youre skeptical about the framing that wokeness has won in any way. And I wonder why you think that, because, from my perspective, I mean, its obviously hard. People can point to different areas in which different movements have been successful or not. But when you look at attitudes amongst the general public on many progressive issues, theyve shifted dramatically to the left. And, of course, a lot of that is being driven from people moving really far left within the Democratic Party. But even independents on these issuestheyve moved people left on these things. And I think theres also material gains that have happened. People dont talk about these a lot, but in the year after the murder of George Floyd, for instance, half of U.S. states passed legislation in at least one of the following categories use of force duty for officers to intervene, report, or render medical aid in instances of police misconduct or policies relating to law-enforcement misconduct reporting. Goldberg Well, can I just sayI dont think we should tar all. Again, I feel like this category of wokeness is so unstable and amorphous. But I definitely would not want to put criminal-justice reform under that auspice, right? When Im saying that I think this style of politics is dead, I certainly dont mean all left-wing politics, and I dont mean all criminal-justice reform. Whats dead isnot only is the Democratic Party trying to memory-hole calls to defund the police, but there was a social pressure to get on board with that language that is completely gone. And so Im talking about something a little bit more hard to pin down, but something that a lot of people felt and responded to. The reason I say its deadand I wrote this piece in response to a book by Nellie Bowles called the Morning After the Revolution. It was sort of satirical, but it was also so exaggerated that it was kind of ridiculous. Like at one point she says, I heard people saying that roads were racist. And that didnt come from some asshole teenager that came from Robert Caro writing about Robert Moses. But I think that, in part, just to either justify her project or to inflate its importance, she said, This movement hasnt calmed down because it lost its calmed down because it won. And I think that for some people that means they have to go to various HR workshops or whatever. But lets just look at the evidence You see company after company dismantling their DEI initiatives, states banning DEI in colleges. One of the examples I gave in that column was a school named after a Confederate general that had changed its name and then decided to change it back. Target, for example, responding to these right-wing backlashes, taking Pride merchandise out of a lot of its storesthere was a sense, at one point, that corporate America wanted to ride the social-justice train. And it might have been hypocritical, but it also suggested that they saw these views as ascendant and something that they wanted to latch onto for their own purposes. I dont think they see things like that anymore. Music Demsas All right. Were going to take a quick break. More with Michelle when we get back. Break Demsas I just want to run my theory for you why there was such a focus on discourse policing and on language versus these policies. I think that oftenand I found that it felt a little disingenuous sometimesyoud ask people, Hey, it seems like your organizations really focused on these language things. Why are you policing whether someone says theyre Latino or Latinx, or something like that. And they would say, Well, were actually focused on all of these issues that impact people on the material level. And its like, Yeah, but what are you tweeting about? What is it that youre actually talking about in public constantly? What is your driving ethos? And so, when I see this, I dont think of it as disingenuous. I think a lot of people have read this as sort of a disingenuous thing, that people dont actually care about changing the material reality of people that theyre working for. But I think its actually just that the structures of movement organizations have changed so dramatically, such that movement building is now both really easy and really hard. Any individual person can put up a flyer or an Instagram graphic and say, Hey, were gonna do a protest here. And that doesnt require an organizational capacity to really get someone out and be a part of a group. And that means that people are just showing up for somethingor not showing up for somethingand its completely unrelated to whether theyre being drawn into a broader group. In the past, you had an NAACP that could speak credibly and say, We actually have organized the groups and the individuals who care a lot about racial justice in this country. And if you dont vote X or Y way on a bill, that means that were going to turn up and were going to protest you. But now they cant credibly say, No one will protest you if you do X or Y, because anyone can do it. And in many ways, thats great. Goldberg Did you read this booka great book by my colleague Zeynep Tufekcicalled, Twitter and Tear Gas? Demsas I have not, but Ive heard its a great book. Goldberg Thats what the book is about. Demsas Can you tell us about it? Goldberg So the bookI mean, she could obviously speak to it better than I could, but the book is basically about how before social media, your ability to muster a large protest was an outward sign of your organizational capacity, right? It meant that you had members. It meant that you had people working on all the stuff that it takes to get people out, and that you were building relationships. And you also had to build an internal structure just in order to get this stuff done, and that structure would be there after the march was over. Now you have these protests that come together very quickly and virally. But theres nothing to buttress them. And then the issues that I mentioned earlier, with The Tyranny of Structurelessness, come up. Because, especially in left-wing spaces, theres often an aversion to hierarchy, which makes sense to a point, but you need some lines of organization in order to keep something going. When you dont have that, you do still have people emerge as leaders, but the way that they emerge as leaders is either about cultivating celebrity or shivving other people for not being radical or committed enough. Demsas Yeah. I think the horizontal nature of a lot of social movements now, it leads to the point where it becomes actually quite difficult to be a credible partner to or credible bargaining-table member with politicians. Because if they say, Well do what youre asking us, but that means you have to mobilize your people in support of it, and if you cant credibly do that, then it becomes politically disadvantageous for any politician to work with you. And that doesnt mean I agree with that. I think they should just do what they think is right. But at the same time, what ends up happening then is the places where you can see a lot of pressure is just around virality and around these issues where you dont actually need to work through the formal systems of political power or electoral power. You can work discursively. Goldberg I also should say Somebody whos deep into progressive organizing once told me that they saw this also as just a form of work avoidance. And maybe people dont mean this, but its just the path of least resistance. The easiest thing to do is to complain about the word somebody is using. Demsas But the most cynical argument that I think has been advanced by, especially, a lot of people who are on the right or in the center is that a lot of the movement on liberalization on these views has come from white Democrats, a lot of whom are materially advantaged already. So you have, for instance, people who are maybe homeowners in, or live in, really high cost-of-living cities, and they make a lot of money. And maybe they dont want to see material changes happen, because that would actually affect their lives. For instance, I do a lot of reporting on the housing crisis. And its clear that a lot of people who consider themselves progressives, who fight for a lot of these causes and seem very genuine and caring about that sort of thing, often will revolt if you say, I think that you should allow for affordable housing to exist in your community. And I think that theres some people who take that dynamic and attribute it largely and say, Yeah, the reason theyre focusing on whether youre saying the right words is because they dont want to focus on the sorts of material changes that would require something actually being taken from them. Goldberg I dont think its that intentional. I find it very hard to imagine that somebody is saying, I dont want zoning reform in my suburban neighborhood, so Im going to distract people with a fight over whether its ableist to say that were standing up for ourselves. I just dont think thats how people work. I do think that people who both went to elite colleges, where these concepts are really prevalent, and are highly verbal and work in fields where communication is a central part of the work they doits not that surprising that they default to questions of communication when theyre involved in politics. And so I think that people have blind spots. But, again, I think the right-wing version of this is often that its a conspiracy to deflect from real challenges to the material privilege of rich, white liberals. And I dont think its a conspiracy. Demsas Yeah. I think your previous frame is more likely correctthat it is more a path-of-least-resistance argument. But that also, I think, still implicates people in this, Why is it the path of least resistance for you not to want to allow people who make less money than you to live in your neighborhood? Why is that so difficult to mobilize people around? And maybe its not intentional, but that is just a harder thing to do. And so you see organizers at the local leveltheyre often like, Well, we can get people to sign onto an agreement to get the city to raise a Pride flag, but we cant get people to change the school-boundary lines near them to make it more inclusive to lower-income kids where they go to school. So there is a reason why I think progressive activists get pushed in a direction. And I do think that theres probably some truth to the idea that the material changes would be much less politically popular. But I want to turn a little bit because a lot of your writing is about feminism that Ive followed for years now. And you wrote an article called, The Future Isnt Female Anymore, and thats very much in line with what were talking about today, so Im hoping you talk a little bit about that piece. In it, you cite a poll from the Southern Poverty Law Center that asks respondents whether they agree that feminism has done more harm than good. And you write that while only four percent of Democratic men over 50 thought feminism was harmful, 46 percent of Democratic men under 50 did. And nearly a quarter of Democratic women under 50 agreed that feminism has done more harm than good. And so you see this split here, where you have older Democrats still towing the familiar line that feminism is, of course, on net, beneficial, and then younger folks increasingly feel that their feminism has done more harm than good. And thats among Democrats. Whats happening there, and why is this space really polarizing people? Goldberg I dont think its younger folks. I mean, yeah, there is a section of women, but, in general, I think its younger men. I remember when I quoted that poll, a lot of people were suspicious of it, and you can always have one poll thats an outlier, but theres been a few polls since then that show that young men, specifically, are moving to the right. And theres a growing political chasm between young women and young men that was really showing up a lot in the polling around the upcoming election. And I also just think there was a broader backlash. Itll be interesting because were at a different inflection point now. When I wrote that, there was a backlash to the idea of the girl boss. It had suddenly become really embarrassing to a lot of people, which, on the one handa backlash against unfettered ambition and burnout-inducing devotion to your careerI get that. But it came along with the rise of tradwives and stay-at-home girlfriends and these old forms of female subservience in hip, new clothing. And you see this again and again in the history of feminism, right? Because its hard to work. Its hard to work and be a parent and fulfill all the expectations of ideal womanhood. People will look at being a kept woman of various guises and think that thats an out. You saw this with Susan Faludis Backlash, and then you saw it with a whole bunch of articles about women stepping back from the workplace. Demsas And who is Susan Faludi? Goldberg Susan Faludi wrote one of the classics of modern feminism in a book called Backlash, which came out in the early 1990s and was about basically a decade of backlash propaganda telling women that feminism had made them miserable and that women wanted to return to cocooning and wanted to return to domesticity. And what you see when you actually look at the people who are pushing this message is either that theyre not doing it themselvesyou know, Martha Stewart was certainly never a homemaker, but neither was Phyllis Schlafly, right? These are professional women with high-powered careers. Or else you see women who do do that and then find themselves in really precarious situations if it falls apart. And so, again, there was this moment where, We dont need girl-boss feminism. We want a soft life. You know, dont we all? Laughs. Demsas Laughs. Goldberg But there was a refusal to see the traps that generations of feminists have identified in that life. Now were at a different moment because youre starting to see women get really, really excited about the prospect of a female president again and getting really, really angry about patriarchy. Obviously, the Dobbs decision that ended Roe v. Wade was a big turning point for that. The Kamala Harris campaign is a big turning point. It was interesting because when Hillary Clinton ran for president, there was always a dearth of organic enthusiasm compared to, say, Barack Obama. But there were people who were really, really excited about Hillary Clinton and were really, really excited about having a woman president. But a lot of them felt really embarrassed and afraid to admit that publicly. I remember going to some of the places after Donald Trump was elected, going to some of the suburban communities where these women who hadnt been very political before had suddenly gotten really political because they were so outraged and disgusted. And often they were like, I didnt even realize there were other Democrats on my street. And so there was this sheepishness. And now that sheepishness is totally gone. Its pretty new, but this is the first female campaign for president that is being really carried aloft on a tide of very vocal popular excitement. Demsas Yeah. Well, when I think about the wokeness message, the presidential candidate that tried to do this the most was Ron DeSantis, and it didnt really work out for him. He obviously is not the presidential nominee for the Republican Party, but he also flamed out in a way that I think people were not expecting. There was a ton of enthusiasm after he won his race by around 20 electoral points in Florida, when he ran for re-election for governor. And he was very clear on the national, at the local, at the state level that he was fighting a war on woke. But then you saw this message falter. You saw it falter in the Republican Party. People were much less interested in polls for voting for someone whos fighting wokeness than they were for people who were following traditional economic messaging. And obviously he himself did not do well there. Goldberg Although, lets rememberlets look at who the Republicans chose as their vice president. J. D. Vancehe gave a speech at the National Conservatism Conference in 2021 that was called, The Universities Are the Enemy, and it was all aboutI dont know how much he used the word wokeness, but thats basically what it was about. And he is obsessed with this stuff. Its part of what makes him weird. Demsas I agree with you. I think its interesting because it seemed like, at the end, Trump was between the North Dakota governor, Doug Burgum, whos a much more traditional Republican, and he ends up picking J. D. Vance, who I think is part of this wing of the party thats defined themselves by wokeness. During the Olympics, Imane Khelif, who is an Algerian boxer, beat an Italian boxer Angela Carini at the Paris Olympics, and it sparks this conservative outcry. Khelif is a cis woman she was assigned female at birth and continues to identify as such. But people have really turned on her as being a man. J. D. Vance literally tweeted that Khelif was a grown man pummeling a woman. He called it disgusting and blamed Kamala Harriss ideas about gender. This is obviously a very small vignette in a bunch of different areas in which youve seen the right radicalize in this space. But, to me, while of course Trump did pick Vance, it doesnt seem like this is actually a message thats a winning message for voters. I think a lot of people feel that this is actually going in the same way that maybe wokeness harmed the Democratic Party in some waysthat this version is actually not palatable to even Republican voters, but definitely not to independents or swing voters. Theres pollingthis is when Biden was the presumptive nominee, from Mayby Data for Progress that asked 1,200 voters whether they think Joe Bidens woke. And 21 percent said they didnt know what that meant. Twenty-seven percent said they didnt care. And 22 percent were the only people that said he was woke and that was a bad thing. So how much of this is just a fight thats really happening but is not actually electorally relevant or even electorally desirable? Goldberg Well, I dont think its super electorally relevant in that, yes, vanishingly few people, if you ask them, What are the issues that are important to you? are going to say any version of wokeness. Where I think its relevant is around the edges. I think that people really underestimate just how much of politics is about emotion and how much of it is about how candidates make you feel. And so whether the language that candidates use resonates with you or is alienating to you really matters. Again, this is where I say that a lot of these linguistic changes, I feel like, are irritating and alienating, but thats very different from saying that theyre part of some totalitarian conspiracy, which is often how the anti-woke side comes off. And so I think its why even voters, again, to the extent that theyre even aware of these arguments over linguistic conventionsand I think they are in a vague way. Demsas Especially at the office, if you have DEI training or something like that. Goldberg Right, or even just when I would go to Trump rallies, the thing I would hear over and over againI remember in 2016, I would try to draw them out. You know, Did a factory close around here? Are you having trouble getting a job? But mostly it was like, No. But you just cant say anything anymore. There was just so much anger. And then sometimes you would ask them what they wanted to say, and youd be like, Oh yeah. You definitely cant say that. Laughs. And you shouldnt be able to say that. But I do think that it grates on people. But theres a difference between it grating on people and it being an all-consuming fixation. Demsas Yeah. Well, how do we then understand the nascent Kamala Harris campaign? Because youve been doing some reporting about her campaign. And her candidacy, as you said, its a historic candidacy. Shes the first Black woman and South Asian woman presumptive nominee for a major party ticket. She will be only the second woman to achieve that, after Clinton. One thing I think thats interesting is Clinton really leaned into her identity as a woman. And theres some reporting that indicates she was trying to follow the mold of Obama, who clearly made that a part of his historic rise and tapped into that first energy to build momentum. Harris seems to be tackling that quite differently. I know you said that youre seeing this energy finally out in the open, of women getting to be excited publicly for the first female potential president. But, at the same time, it seems like theres not as much attempt on the part of her and her teamat least so farto really lean into that. Are you seeing that? Goldberg Right. And she doesnt need to. Well, no, she doesnt need to. And I dont see any reason why she should. The people who are excited about it are getting excited about it. Demsas But why not? Why not lean into it? Goldberg First of all, because most people I think who are really, really excited to vote for the first woman candidate for president, the first Black woman candidate for president, the first Asian American woman candidate for presidentthose people are mostly voting for Harris. She doesnt really need to remind them of the historic nature of her candidacy. And she does in some ways, right? She speaks to the AKAs, the other members of her Black sorority. But I just think that, for the people that she needs to win over, she needs to convince them that shes going to make their lives better in some tangible, material way, rather than achieving a symbolic victory for certain identity groups. Look, obviously the identity component is there. You see people self-organizing these huge Zoom calls. But I guess the difference is that it would have been a big mistake for the Harris campaign to take the lead on doing that kind of stuff. People want to do it themselves. You can see that thats really powerful. Demsas I also think that because she avoided a primary, it was much less important to base mobilization that that rhetoric would sometimes be used. Youd encourage it in that case, right? I think Warren and Harris both leaned into this during the 2020 presidential primariestheir historic nature of their candidacy. There were lots of references to Shirley Chisholm in Harriss 2020 primary. Goldberg Oh, yeah. And I saw people wearing Shirley Chisholm shirts at the Harris rally in Atlanta. People are obviously really aware of it. I think youre right about the primary. She didnt need to distinguish herself in that way in a primary. And the fact that there was a no primary and b that so many Democrats feel like they were saved from near-certain doom means that the fissures that are usually left over after a really bruising primary just arent there. Demsas Well, thank you so much, Michelle. Ive been reading your work for years, and Im so glad to have you come on the show. Goldberg Oh, thanks for having me. Demsas I want to ask you our last question, which is Whats an idea that seemed good at the time but ended up being only good on paper? Goldberg Im going to say communism. Demsas Oh, okay. Tell me more. Goldberg I mean, Im honestly surprised that anybody answers anything else. Laughs. It just seems so obviousit just seems obvious to me that, at a time when industrial capitalism was so brutal and exploitative, along comes this utopian theory promising human equality, gender equality, the brotherhood of man, the end of poverty, right? I dont know if you have kids, but my kidsand I think a lot of people have this experiencewhen they first learn about communism, theyre like, Yeah, that sounds great. It does sound great. It just has not worked. Demsas Yeah. Well, that is the most one-word-only-needed good on paper weve heard so far. Laughs. Goldberg Laughs. Demsas Usually it does require a lot more explanation. Communismgood on paper. Thank you again for coming on the show. Were so excited to have you on and continue following your work as you write about this issue on the campaign trail. Music Goldberg Thank you so much. Demsas This episode of Good on Paper was produced by Jinae West and Rosie Hughes. It was edited by Dave Shaw and fact-checked by Ena Alvarado. Erica Huang and Rob Smierciak engineered this episode. Rob Smerciak also composed our theme music. Claudine Ebeid is the executive producer of Atlantic audio. Andrea Valdez is our managing editor. And hey, if you like what youre hearing, please leave us a rating and review on Apple Podcasts. Im Jerusalem Demsas, and well see you next week.

Some of the presidents own voters are ready to blame him if their lives dont improve soon. Donald Trump is president because, in the broadest possible sense, voters were unhappy with the direction of the country and wanted a change. The question now is whether what were seeing in Washington reflects the change they wanted. Since January, Ive conducted regular focus groups with voters across the political spectrum, asking them about Trumps performance. Some patterns are starting to emerge. First Lots of Trump voters believe theyre getting exactly what they signed up forDOGE, disruption, someone shaking up Washington. But Trump didnt win with his base alone. Another significant group contributed to his margin of victory people who voted for him because the change they wanted wasnt systemic disruption but relief from the high cost of living theyve been experiencing since the COVID lockdowns ended. Read The Trump backers who have buyers remorse Voters in this group tend to be soft partisans or nonpartisan. They dont follow politics closely and vote mostly based on things that affect their day-to-day livesgrocery and gas prices, rent, inflation. Many of these voters in the focus groups are showing signs that they do not believe that Trumps policy priorities are about cheaper groceries. Instead, they see him getting distracted by culture-war issues that wont actually improve their lives. In his first term, a significant number of voters felt that Trump was a bad person who was good at managing the economy, which gave them a mixed view of him. But the past decade has functioned like exposure therapy for Trump Many people have become desensitized to his character defects, so that what remains is the vague sense that Trump  good economy. These voters no longer look at his social-media posts, and they dont read past headlines as they scroll. So his bad characterwhich hasnt gone awayno longer registers. But voters in this group are noticing that the job they elected him to dofix the economyis not getting done.  I would like to see him do a little bit more for the economy  because that was one of the platforms that he did run on, that he was going to help the economy, Holly, a 2020 and 2024 Trump voter from Maine, said in a late-February focus group. To protect participants privacy, we do not identify them by their last name. You know, we havent really seen that. My grocery prices are still the same, if not higher, than they were. I wanted a lot of change as far as inflation and the price of everything, Sharli, a Biden-to-Trump voter from Georgia, said in another focus group last month. So I havent seen any real changes there. As a matter of fact, I think for me, things are worse, as far as the inflation. I just worry about the tariffs making everything cost more. Looks like we might have to take some more pain before it gets better, as far as inflation, Bobby, a two-time Trump voter from Texas, said.  The first month has definitely been chaotic from what Ive seen, said Steven, a young 2024 Trump voter from New York. For the general public, the first thing that we noticed were the prices on the eggs, and the memes going around talking about how getting somebody an egg is a delicacy now. From where these people sit, Trump doesnt look like hes making much progress on fixing the economy. If anything, as Bobby suggested, the new tariffs on Canada, Mexico, and China could hurt U.S. consumers. And the inflation rate has ticked up since late last year. For these voters, what Trump seems to be doing instead are a bunch of crazy things that make his administration look distracted, chaotic, and ineffective. Things such as gutting the Federal Aviation Administration firingand quickly rehiringnuclear scientists installing an anti-vaccine conspiracist to steward Americas health systems letting an unelected MAGA billionaire dismantle the federal government. Now, its true that die-hard Trump fans love this stuff. Theyre here for the liberal tears, and Im confident that Trump will keep his sky-high approval ratings with the Republican base. But among voters who dont identify as hard partisans, some are confused and downright worried about whats happening. These are not members of the resistance. Theyre all people who voted for Trumpmany of them for the first time.  Firing the FAA director and then having, like, five plane crashes within a matter of, like, two weeks is literally insane, a first-time Trump voter named Zackery said, referring to a pressure campaign that ended in the former FAA chiefs resignation in January. Firing the people who handle nuclear weapons, and then realizing who you fired, and then having to be like, Hey, hey, hey, dont go, we need you  Like, thats crazy. Hal, a young Trump 2024 voter from New Jersey, said  Im not a huge fan of some claims that RFK has been making without any necessarily scientific backing or evidence. Bobby, the two-time Trump voter from Texas, said  As far as renaming the Gulf, stuff like that, or buying Greenland  I dont know. Its just kind of nonsense to me. Focus groups, of course, capture only part of the picture. But polls, too, are already showing a decline in Trumps approval numbers, and discontent with Trump on the economy. A recent Reuters poll had him at 44 percent approval, down from 47 percent in January. Quinnipiac showed his disapproval rising from 43 percent to 49 percent over his first month. A Washington PostIpsos poll found that only 43 percent of Americans support his first-month policies, and that 53 percent disapprove of his handling of the economy. Put the focus groups and the polling together and you start to understand the broader political environment Some of Trumps own voters are ready to blame himjust as they did former President Joe Bidenif their lives dont improve, and soon. The next plane that goes down, the next elimination of an essential government function, the next kid who dies of measlesthe administration will own all that. Read The Trump supporters who didnt take him at his word The fan service Trump is doing for his base doesnt get him anywhere with the people on the margins who helped put him in the White House, and who will determine the makeup of Congress in two years. Fixing what people think is wrong with the economy requires governing, something Trump has proved constitutionally incapable of doing. As we keep slogging through our daily politics, dont be surprised to see Trumps numbers continue to drop. If that happens, the focus groups suggest that it wont be because these voters gain any new appreciation for Democrats. Itll be because Trump keeps shedding his own marginal supporters. Presidents honeymoons tend to end in the summer of their first year. Bidens ended during the Afghanistan pullout Trumps approval rating took a nosedive after Charlottesville voters grew more critical of Barack Obama as the financial crisis lengthened. Perhaps summer is coming early for Trump this year.

This issue is preventing our website from loading properly. Please review the following troubleshooting tips or contact us at email protected. By submitting your email, you agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and to receive email correspondence from us. You may opt out at any time. Your guide to the most important world stories of the day Essential analysis of the stories shaping geopolitics on the continent The latest news, analysis, and data from the country each week Weekly update on whats driving U.S. national security policy Evening roundup with our editors favorite stories of the day One-stop digest of politics, economics, and culture Weekly update on developments in India and its neighbors A curated selection of our very best long reads Argument The Perils of a Reality TV Presidency Create an FP account to save articles to read later. Sign Up ALREADY AN FP SUBSCRIBER? LOGIN Gifting articles is a subscriber benefit. Subscribe Now ALREADY AN FP SUBSCRIBER? LOGIN This article is an Insider exclusive. Contact us at email protected to learn about upgrade options, unlocking the ability to gift this article. Print Archive See All Follow FP on X Follow FP on LinkedIn Follow FP on Instagram Follow FP on Facebook Follow FP on X Follow FP on LinkedIn Follow FP on Instagram Follow FP on Facebook Foreign Policy Magazine is a division of Graham Holdings Company. All contents c 2024, Graham Digital Holding Company. All rights reserved. Foreign Policy, 655 15th St NW, Suite 300, Washington, DC, 20005. Ravi Agrawal is the editor in chief of Foreign Policy. He is also the host of FP Live, the magazines video channel and podcast, on which he regularly interviews world leaders and policymakers. Before joining FP in 2018, Agrawal worked at CNN for more than a decade in full-time roles spanning three continents, including as the networks New Delhi bureau chief and correspondent. He has shared a Peabody Award and three Emmy nominations for his work as a TV producer, and his writing for FP was part of a series nominated for a 2020 National Magazine Award for columns and commentary. Agrawal is the author of India Connected How the Smartphone Is Transforming the Worlds Largest Democracy. He is a graduate of Harvard University.                Follow FP on X Follow FP on LinkedIn Follow FP on Instagram Follow FP on Facebook Follow FP on X Follow FP on LinkedIn Follow FP on Instagram Follow FP on Facebook Foreign Policy Magazine is a division of Graham Holdings Company. All contents c 2024, Graham Digital Holding Company. All rights reserved. Foreign Policy, 655 15th St NW, Suite 300, Washington, DC, 20005.

This issue is preventing our website from loading properly. Please review the following troubleshooting tips or contact us at email protected. By submitting your email, you agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and to receive email correspondence from us. You may opt out at any time. Your guide to the most important world stories of the day Essential analysis of the stories shaping geopolitics on the continent The latest news, analysis, and data from the country each week Weekly update on whats driving U.S. national security policy Evening roundup with our editors favorite stories of the day One-stop digest of politics, economics, and culture Weekly update on developments in India and its neighbors A curated selection of our very best long reads Feature Shooting an Elephant in Botswana Create an FP account to save articles to read later. Sign Up ALREADY AN FP SUBSCRIBER? LOGIN Gifting articles is a subscriber benefit. Subscribe Now ALREADY AN FP SUBSCRIBER? LOGIN This article is an Insider exclusive. Contact us at email protected to learn about upgrade options, unlocking the ability to gift this article. Print Archive See All Follow FP on X Follow FP on LinkedIn Follow FP on Instagram Follow FP on Facebook Follow FP on X Follow FP on LinkedIn Follow FP on Instagram Follow FP on Facebook Foreign Policy Magazine is a division of Graham Holdings Company. All contents c 2024, Graham Digital Holding Company. All rights reserved. Foreign Policy, 655 15th St NW, Suite 300, Washington, DC, 20005. Anthony J. Wallace is a journalist from Phoenix, Arizona, who has reported on environmental and Indigenous issues across the United States and Latin America.  Follow FP on X Follow FP on LinkedIn Follow FP on Instagram Follow FP on Facebook Follow FP on X Follow FP on LinkedIn Follow FP on Instagram Follow FP on Facebook Foreign Policy Magazine is a division of Graham Holdings Company. All contents c 2024, Graham Digital Holding Company. All rights reserved. Foreign Policy, 655 15th St NW, Suite 300, Washington, DC, 20005.

This issue is preventing our website from loading properly. Please review the following troubleshooting tips or contact us at email protected. By submitting your email, you agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and to receive email correspondence from us. You may opt out at any time. Your guide to the most important world stories of the day Essential analysis of the stories shaping geopolitics on the continent The latest news, analysis, and data from the country each week Weekly update on whats driving U.S. national security policy Evening roundup with our editors favorite stories of the day One-stop digest of politics, economics, and culture Weekly update on developments in India and its neighbors A curated selection of our very best long reads Print Archive See All Follow FP on X Follow FP on LinkedIn Follow FP on Instagram Follow FP on Facebook Follow FP on X Follow FP on LinkedIn Follow FP on Instagram Follow FP on Facebook Foreign Policy Magazine is a division of Graham Holdings Company. All contents c 2024, Graham Digital Holding Company. All rights reserved. Foreign Policy, 655 15th St NW, Suite 300, Washington, DC, 20005. The idea of a global clash of civilizations wasnt wrongit was just premature.  Commodity traders are among the financial worlds most ruthless actorsand now theyre at the center of climate policy.  Is it a protector of Hindu identity or a tool for extrajudicial violence?  Trump likes to think his unpredictability is an asset.  Countries and companies with clout might thrive. The rest, not so much.  Money and education no longer explain voting patterns.  The world will come together once it realizes fragmentation makes everyone poorer.  The White House never met its own grandiose standards.  Its the exact wrong moment in history for nations to stop cooperatingbut AI might yet help us.  Russias crisis of depopulation is at the heart of Vladimir Putins paranoid military strategy.  Gladiator II follows an ancient Hollywood formula for depicting Rome.  When you are attractive, you can economize on sticks and carrots.  Indias rise as a new pole of power does not endanger its indispensable relationship with the U.S.  A closing U.S. trade system is hastening the decline of its global leadership.  A policy path to address a warming climate on which both parties can agree.  Follow FP on Facebook Follow FP on Twitter Follow FP on Instagram Follow FP on LinkedIn Follow FP on X Follow FP on LinkedIn Follow FP on Instagram Follow FP on Facebook Follow FP on X Follow FP on LinkedIn Follow FP on Instagram Follow FP on Facebook Foreign Policy Magazine is a division of Graham Holdings Company. All contents c 2024, Graham Digital Holding Company. All rights reserved. Foreign Policy, 655 15th St NW, Suite 300, Washington, DC, 20005.

This issue is preventing our website from loading properly. Please review the following troubleshooting tips or contact us at email protected. By submitting your email, you agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and to receive email correspondence from us. You may opt out at any time. Your guide to the most important world stories of the day Essential analysis of the stories shaping geopolitics on the continent The latest news, analysis, and data from the country each week Weekly update on whats driving U.S. national security policy Evening roundup with our editors favorite stories of the day One-stop digest of politics, economics, and culture Weekly update on developments in India and its neighbors A curated selection of our very best long reads QA The Rise and Fall of Human Rights Create an FP account to save articles to read later. Sign Up ALREADY AN FP SUBSCRIBER? LOGIN Downloadable PDFs are a benefit of an FP subscription. Subscribe Now ALREADY AN FP SUBSCRIBER? LOGIN Gifting articles is a subscriber benefit. Subscribe Now ALREADY AN FP SUBSCRIBER? LOGIN This article is an Insider exclusive. Contact us at email protected to learn about upgrade options, unlocking the ability to gift this article. Print Archive See All Follow FP on X Follow FP on LinkedIn Follow FP on Instagram Follow FP on Facebook Follow FP on X Follow FP on LinkedIn Follow FP on Instagram Follow FP on Facebook Foreign Policy Magazine is a division of Graham Holdings Company. All contents c 2024, Graham Digital Holding Company. All rights reserved. Foreign Policy, 655 15th St NW, Suite 300, Washington, DC, 20005. Your all-access pass to FP Already an FP Subscriber? Login Register now to watch this on-demand recording. Ask a Question Ask a Question Only FP subscribers can submit questions for FP Live interviews. Subscribe ALREADY AN FP SUBSCRIBER? LOGIN Only FP subscribers can submit questions for FP Live interviews. Subscribe ALREADY AN FP SUBSCRIBER? LOGIN Prefer to listen? Follow the FP Live podcast for the entire conversation, plus other in-depth discussions, wherever you get your podcasts. Are human rights at a modern low point? One can certainly make the case that they are. Authoritarian leaders are in vogue. Inequality is rampant. Theres a global backlash against gender equality. The number of forcibly displaced people is at an all-time high. There are ongoing conflicts on multiple continents. Global freedom, according to a new index from Freedom House, declined for the 19th consecutive year. But why are societies allowing basic rights to regress? How can civil liberties still be reinforced? Are human rights at a modern low point? One can certainly make the case that they are. Authoritarian leaders are in vogue. Inequality is rampant. Theres a global backlash against gender equality. The number of forcibly displaced people is at an all-time high. There are ongoing conflicts on multiple continents. Global freedom, according to a new index from Freedom House, declined for the 19th consecutive year. But why are societies allowing basic rights to regress? How can civil liberties still be reinforced? In the latest episode of FP Live, I spoke with Kenneth Roth, the author of the new book Righting Wrongs Three Decades on the Front Lines Battling Abusive Governments. Roth ran Human Rights Watch from 1993 until he stepped down in 2022, dramatically growing that organization during his tenure. Subscribers can watch the full discussion on the video box atop this page, or follow the FP Live podcast. What follows below is a condensed and edited transcript of our conversation. Ravi Agrawal Lets begin with the broader trend lines on human rights, Ken. I was looking at a report from Amnesty International last year which says were hurtling backward past the 1948 promise of universal human rights. Is that right? Kenneth Roth I would not be that apocalyptic. I open my book with a quote from Martin Luther King Jr. The moral arc of the universe is long, but it bends toward justice. And I point out, as he does later in the speech, that, in fact, the defense of rights is a relentless struggle. Governments are always tempted to violate human rights. The task of the human rights movement is to change the cost-benefit analysis of repression. I started my time running Human Rights Watch during the Cold War. We were dealing with a fixed situation Repressive governments in Eastern Europe and proxy wars around the world. For a moment, it seemed that freedom was going to prevail. But then, there were ethnic conflicts in places like Bosnia and Rwanda. Then we had Bushs war on terrorism, with all the disaster that foretold. These days, the big issue is the global contest between autocracy and democracy, which accounts for the backsliding. There are highly abusive wars Syria until recently, Ukraine, Myanmar, and Gaza. And maybe its inherent in who I am, given what I do, but I tend to see the glass as half full. When it comes to the wartime atrocities, not only has there been global outrage, but the International Criminal Court has stepped in and charged people, reaffirming the standards. When it comes to autocracy, I take heart in looking at people around the world who want democracy. People keep coming out into the streets to stand for democracy. And sometimes they prevail, like in Bangladesh and Sri Lanka. Other times they dont because autocrats are strong. But they make clear what they want. And the big challenge today, ironically, is in established Western democracies, where the people who feel abandoned by their governments are turning their backs on democracy and embracing far-right alternatives. RA You talked about this battle of ideas between democracies and autocraciessomething former U.S. President Joe Biden used to talk about. But in that struggle, and also within democracies, what actually allows human rights abuses to happen, sometimes with seeming impunity? KR Well, the way we stop human rights violationsand I give many examples in my book  is by raising the cost of them. We do that, in part, by tarnishing the reputation of abusive governments and by depriving them of things that they want until they change, such as arms sales, preferential trade benefits, or simply being welcomed as legitimate members of the international community. Sometimes we get them prosecuted. Its about arranging a sufficient group of disincentives. I think these days, particularly with the U.S. government pulling back from the defense of human rights, some governments feel that they can get away with it. Russian President Vladimir Putin miscalculated. In his COVID-19-induced isolation, he thought that invading Ukraine would be a cakewalk. He didnt understand how difficult it would be. He resorted to the same techniques he had used in Syria with impunity. Chinese President Xi Jinping has been severely repressing the Uyghurs in Xinjiang, thinking he can get away with it. We came very close to getting them addressed by the United Nations Human Rights Council Xi was personally calling heads of state to try to fend that off. At this moment, a number of European democracies are in disarray. We are in a poorer position to fight back today than in U.S. President Donald Trumps first term, when we had German Chancellor Angela Merkel, French President Emmanuel Macron, and a more united government. We had a stronger British government. But weve learned that even without the United States, if we put together coalitions of democracies around the world, we still can exert very significant pressure to defend human rights. RA Naming and shaming is often used by Human Rights Watch and other human rights organizations to tarnish the reputations of human rights abusers. But a few new things make that harder. One is this sense from dictators that, A lot of Western countries arent following the rules themselves, so why should we? The other one is that the truth is now contested. Part of this is because of the speed at which the internet moves. But also, I say as a journalist, it is harder and harder to convince people what is going on because they have an alternative reality that seems convincing to them. KR I think youre right. It is more difficult. But to begin with the basics, shaming works because even in todays world, every government, as a matter of basic legitimacy, has to pretend to respect human rights. They all say that they do. Now, they obviously fall short. And what human rights groups do is carefully document and spotlight the discrepancy between pretense and practice. And every government finds that shameful and delegitimizing, so they want to avoid it. This is not a matter of personal remorse. Im not in the psychology business. Im not trying to change these dictators into good people. Im just trying to force them to change by paying a reputational price for their repression. Now, the hypocrisy factor does matter, because it gives governments a good excuse to avoid taking a stand when asked. And we see this, for example, when a number of governmentsparticularly in sub-Saharan Africasay, Well, why should we condemn what Putin is doing in Ukraine when Biden and now Trump are underwriting the same thing in Gaza? Its a cheap excuse, but one that works politically. As to your point about the truth, we are past the point of just listening to Walter Cronkite to learn whats going on. There are many more sources of information. People who want to know the truth still can. Im less worried about whether you can find the truth than I am about the many people who dont bother to look and are willing to consume whatever shows up on their social media feeds. But, if you lookeven in a place like Russia with such propaganda and censorship, the Kremlin didnt dare shut down YouTube or Telegram. People still use VPNs. You can get information if you want to know the truth despite that closed information environment. The truth is still very powerful, even as governments make enormous efforts to suppress it. RA And dictators and monarchs ultimately care about what the people think. KR Mohammed bin Salman, the Saudi crown prince, is suddenly advocating a Palestinian state when he couldnt care less about the Palestinians. Why? Because the Saudi people watch Al Jazeera and see what Israel is doing in Gaza. Their outrage influences even a monarch who is highly repressive but cant be indifferent to public sentiment. RA How does Trumps reelection and everything that comes with itthe weakening of the multilateral order and alliances in favor of transactionalismaffect the trajectory of human rights? KR Trump does present a serious challenge. He obviously is cozying up to autocrats. Hes much more comfortable with them than the democracies of Western Europe, which he seems to see as adversaries. Hes turned his back on international institutions. But, we shouldnt mark the demise of international institutions. Even in the first Trump term, other governments did step forward. Just to cite an example, we got the U.N. Human Rights Council to monitor the Saudi-led coalition bombing of Yemeni civilians. The Netherlands took the lead there. The United States was nowhere to be seen. That was a highly effective effort. When it finally ended four years later, civilian casualties doubled in Yemen. So, we can get a lot done in international institutions even without the United States. I think the real lesson is that the rest of the world must step forward when the United States, under Trump, vacates the field. But the other big challenge is what do we do with Trump? I dont give up on Trump. I do think that for the wrong reasons, we can get him to do the right thing sometimes. In the current Ukraine negotiations, for example, the big issue is whether the United States provides the security guarantees. This is what the European nations require before putting peacekeeping troops in Ukraine, both to enforce a cease-fire and to prevent Putin from using the pause to rearm and then reinvade. We have to recognize that Putin doesnt want a sliver of territory in eastern Ukraine. He wants to smother and destroy Ukraines democracy because he sees it as a dangerous model for the Russian people. If Trump continues with his current refusal to provide U.S. security guarantees, hes going to produce a bad deal. The self-proclaimed master negotiator is going to leave a legacy of having been bamboozled by Putin. I dont think thats what Trump wants. If we can sufficiently demonstrate that Trump is heading toward a bad deal, thats our best bet to push him to take that next step of not merely supporting security guarantees but providing them. RA You wrote in the book that China under Xi Jinping is the biggest threat to human rights around the world. But the Uyghurs are obviously not the only group facing systematic oppression around the world. Tibet is not the only subsumed region. Xi Jinping is not the only powerful antidemocratic leader. So, how is China undermining human rights efforts more than other countries, in your estimation? KR What I had in mind was not an assessment of Chinese repression, which is severe. There are other repressive governments. China stands alone in having the worlds second-largest economy and being willing to devote a significant portion of the proceeds to fighting criticism around the world and undermining standards. I think were aware of the censorship effortsthe retaliation against the National Basketball Association when the Houston Rockets general manager tweeted in support of the Hong Kong protesters, the moves against companies that dare to be critical about China, the retaliatory tariffs on Australia for seeking an independent investigation into the origins of COVID-19. And, certainly, Chinese dissidents abroad face this all the time. But what makes China stand out is that Xi Jinping is the only leader trying to rewrite human rights standards. Those standards are actually very specific. They are codified in a series of treaties that are broadly adopted. And Xi Jinping, in essence, is saying we should rip them up and submit to just three criteria. One, are you building an economy? Second, are you providing security? And third, are people happy? But what does that mean? You cant poll happiness. So Xi just asserts that Chinese people are happy. The people of Hong Kong were not happy. Hell ignore that. Security This is security via repression. What it really comes down to for him is whether GDP per capita is growing. Now, obviously, Chinese growth is slowing a whole lot. But we have to recognize how much that dumbs down human rights standards, because even the concept of economic and social rights looks past the size of GDP per capita. It looks at how available resources are allocated to meet the needs of the worst-off segments of society. The last thing Xi Jinping wants you asking is, How are the Uyghurs doing? How are the Tibetans doing? How are rural Han Chinese doing? So they dont even allow that analysis, let alone allowing people any say in how the proceeds of their economy are allocated. Then, to make matters worse, at the U.N. Human Rights Council in Geneva, he says we shouldnt criticize anybody anymore. We should just have nice, pleasant conversations about finding our own paths to respecting human rights. So hes trying to both destroy the standards and destroy the enforcement. No one else has the audacity to do that. So thats why I see China, with its huge resources, is such an enormous threat to the global human rights system. RA Ive often imagined in my head that dictators have this WhatsApp group chat where they share tips and notes with each other on whats working, how to adapt, how to deal with people like you. Throughout the book, you talk about applying leverage to countries and leaders, convincing or even manipulating them into prioritizing human rights in addressing other self-interested goals. And Im curious how you would apply that framework today to someone like Vladimir Putin. Or Kim Jong Un, who is such an isolated leader with very little to pressure him on. KR Let me start with Kim. His great fear is information. If people learn about what South Korea is likewhere theres prosperity and democracythey might pressure him to change. And so he is determined to shut off information, which is very hard to do given how easily information moves and how the North Korean people are increasingly dependent on private markets, which require a degree of mobility. So, while it looks static and totalitarian, theres this flimsy foundation of information that we recognize, which gives us something to work with. What makes Putin difficult today is that he has no reputation left. Sanctions have already been imposed. Military force is already being used. So the traditional tools to pressure him directly are not available. What we can influence is how governments respond to Ukraine. Thats why its so important that Trump recognizes its not just a matter of settling for some territorial compromise in the East, but that it is essential to preserve Ukraines democracy. I dont think Trump cares much about democracy, which is why he needs to recognize that his reputation faces a real tarnishing. He does care about his reputation. RA One theory I use to explain this current moment is that a lot of what were seeing is a backlash. A lot of communities feel that a mix of unfettered capitalism and other global forces too much urbanization, technological change, and immigrationcame too fast and decimated rural communities. This backlash is often not very well-defined but can be interpreted as a broader complaint of this is all too much or the system doesnt work. How does that apply to what were seeing in a regression of human rights? KR I think your analysis is correct. I would focus in particular on liberal economics and the view that global trade is good because the overall pie expands. Its now broadly understood that there are winners and losersthat even if a nation is richer, the coastal elites benefit most. And people in the heartland, who tend to work in manufacturing, are actually hurt by globalization because you can find cheaper workers elsewhere and factories shut down. Trump is correct in trying to rectify that. But the broader lesson is that democracies have to be careful to serve everyone. Its not enough to just serve the elites, the experts, and the people in more economically advanced parts of the country. They need to pay attention to those who feel left behind so they are heard and their views respected. Policies should improve the lives of everyone, not just treat global improvement as sufficient. That is where Western democracies need to do some self-correction. That is what is behind the rise of the far right. For example, migration. Its one thing to say there should be a right to asylum. You should be able to flee persecution, flee war, and find a safe haven. But thats not the same thing as saying every economic migrant who wants to show up in the West should be able to. I do think the numbers were probably too large, too rapid to integrate. And so when you see a housing crisis, problems with health care, and other basic challenges, its easy for somebody like U.S. Vice President J.D. Vance to blame immigrants. And that resonates with people who are upset with the status quo and are just looking for a facile explanation. RA In the book, you said that the real challenge for the human rights movement is to build a broader sense of community, which you say progressives have not done very well. KR I make this point because if established democracy is to be sustained, we need to put a greater emphasis on community. Human rights activists like to say that our rights are not safe unless everybodys rights are safe. Theres an element of truth there. But what the far right is doing is just defining people outside the community. And if you treat immigrants as threats rather than members of the community, its easier to violate their rights. And so the human rights movement has to not simply fight human rights violations, but it needs to reassert this broader sense of community. Im frankly critical of the progressive movement here. Its identitarianism doesnt promote community. It says were going to fight for an interest group. And progressives are not used to talking about patriotism, national interest, or the need to include everybody as a community rather than just a grouping of interests. And so progressives need to reexamine how theyve been going about things, too. Because having a strong sense of national community is actually a prerequisite to ensuring that disfavored minorities are not excluded from the protection of rights. Ravi Agrawal is the editor in chief of Foreign Policy. X RaviReports Commenting on this and other recent articles is just one benefit of a Foreign Policy subscription. Already a subscriber? Log In. Subscribe Subscribe View Comments Join the conversation on this and other recent Foreign Policy articles when you subscribe now. Subscribe Subscribe Not your account? Log out View Comments Please follow our comment guidelines, stay on topic, and be civil, courteous, and respectful of others beliefs. I agree to abide by FPs comment guidelines. Required The default username below has been generated using the first name and last initial on your FP subscriber account. Usernames may be updated at any time and must not contain inappropriate or offensive language. Username I agree to abide by FPs comment guidelines. Required A conversation with the International Crisis Groups Comfort Ero.  Beijing makes hollow promises of nonintervention as it meddles with its neighbors.  Only collective state action can end impunity.  By submitting your email, you agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and to receive email correspondence from us. You may opt out at any time.  Signed Up Youre on the list! More ways to stay updated on global news  Signed Up  Signed Up  Signed Up  Signed Up  Signed Up The idea of a global clash of civilizations wasnt wrongit was just premature. The Trump-Zelensky shouting match is a reminder that international diplomacy was never meant to be carried out in front of billions of eyes. Nine thinkers on the bombshells coming out of Washington. Americas first post-literate president has only geography to fall back on.     FPs flagship evening newsletter guiding you through the most important world stories of the day, written by Alexandra Sharp. Delivered weekdays. By submitting your email, you agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and to receive email correspondence from us. You may opt out at any time.  Signed Up Follow FP on X Follow FP on LinkedIn Follow FP on Instagram Follow FP on Facebook Follow FP on X Follow FP on LinkedIn Follow FP on Instagram Follow FP on Facebook Foreign Policy Magazine is a division of Graham Holdings Company. All contents c 2024, Graham Digital Holding Company. All rights reserved. Foreign Policy, 655 15th St NW, Suite 300, Washington, DC, 20005.

This issue is preventing our website from loading properly. Please review the following troubleshooting tips or contact us at email protected. By submitting your email, you agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and to receive email correspondence from us. You may opt out at any time. Your guide to the most important world stories of the day Essential analysis of the stories shaping geopolitics on the continent The latest news, analysis, and data from the country each week Weekly update on whats driving U.S. national security policy Evening roundup with our editors favorite stories of the day One-stop digest of politics, economics, and culture Weekly update on developments in India and its neighbors A curated selection of our very best long reads Analysis Asian Powers Set Their Strategic Sights on Europe Create an FP account to save articles to read later. Sign Up ALREADY AN FP SUBSCRIBER? LOGIN Downloadable PDFs are a benefit of an FP subscription. Subscribe Now ALREADY AN FP SUBSCRIBER? LOGIN Gifting articles is a subscriber benefit. Subscribe Now ALREADY AN FP SUBSCRIBER? LOGIN This article is an Insider exclusive. Contact us at email protected to learn about upgrade options, unlocking the ability to gift this article. Print Archive See All Follow FP on X Follow FP on LinkedIn Follow FP on Instagram Follow FP on Facebook Follow FP on X Follow FP on LinkedIn Follow FP on Instagram Follow FP on Facebook Foreign Policy Magazine is a division of Graham Holdings Company. All contents c 2024, Graham Digital Holding Company. All rights reserved. Foreign Policy, 655 15th St NW, Suite 300, Washington, DC, 20005. What has often been circumscribed as the rise of the restthe relative ascendancy of the non-Western powershas been felt particularly acutely in Asia. When the Portuguese navigator Vasco da Gama reached Indias southwestern Kerala coast in 1498, it marked the start of 500 years of European and later U.S. dominance over Asiacolonial, imperial, and geopolitical. Decolonization from the middle of the 20th century onward did not much alter Western dominance, nor did it end Asias deference to Europe. Until now, that is. The rapid growth of Asian economies and the redistribution of global power in favor of the East heralds a new era in the relationship between Europe and Asia. What began as a shift in economic power is now extending to the geopolitical, military, and technological realms. What has often been circumscribed as the rise of the restthe relative ascendancy of the non-Western powershas been felt particularly acutely in Asia. When the Portuguese navigator Vasco da Gama reached Indias southwestern Kerala coast in 1498, it marked the start of 500 years of European and later U.S. dominance over Asiacolonial, imperial, and geopolitical. Decolonization from the middle of the 20th century onward did not much alter Western dominance, nor did it end Asias deference to Europe. Until now, that is. The rapid growth of Asian economies and the redistribution of global power in favor of the East heralds a new era in the relationship between Europe and Asia. What began as a shift in economic power is now extending to the geopolitical, military, and technological realms. This article is free to read for a limited time. Its one of a selection of FPs recent favoritesscroll down to read more. Europe has already become a military theater for Asian actors. Large-scale deliveries of drones, ammunition, and weapons components from Iran, North Korea, and China are helping Russia fight Ukrainian forces and rain death on civilians in Ukrainian cities. Iranian military advisors have been reported on the ground in occupied Ukraine, although the Iranian government denies their presence there. Beijing, too, is a major supporter of Moscows war efforteconomically, but also through the delivery of weapons components, even if Beijing has been careful so far in order to avoid Western sanctions. And just last week, Chinese soldiers arrived in western Belarus, only a few miles from the border of Polanda NATO member statefor 11 days of joint military exercises dubbed Eagle Assault 2024. China and Russia held their own first joint naval exercises in the Mediterranean Sea last year joint drills between the two have been taking place in the Baltic Sea since 2017. Slowly but surely, Beijing is making it clear that it has military ambitions in Europe. Read More Russian President Vladimir Putin, Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi, and Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan greet each other at the BRICS summit in Johannesburg, South Africa, on July 27, 2018. Russian President Vladimir Putin, Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi, and Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan greet each other at the BRICS summit in Johannesburg, South Africa, on July 27, 2018. 6 Swing States Will Decide the Future of Geopolitics These middle powers of the global south should be the focus of U.S. policy. Analysis  Cliff Kupchan An illustration shows half faces of Chinese President Xi Jinping and Russian President Putin for a story about a ChiRussia alliance. An illustration shows half faces of Chinese President Xi Jinping and Russian President Putin for a story about a ChiRussia alliance. The China-Russia Axis Takes Shape The bond has been decades in the making, but Russias war in Ukraine has tightened their embrace. Analysis  Bonny Lin A photo illustration shows a crowd of people filling the face of Indias Prime Minister Narendra Modi. A photo illustration shows a crowd of people filling the face of Indias Prime Minister Narendra Modi. The New Idea of India Narendra Modis reign is producing a less liberal but more assured nation. Essay  Ravi Agrawal These middle powers of the global south should be the focus of U.S. policy.  The bond has been decades in the making, but Russias war in Ukraine has tightened their embrace.  Narendra Modis reign is producing a less liberal but more assured nation.  Chinas military reach into Europe might still be modest now, but it will only grow with time. The fact that Chinese troops participating, for the first time, in exercises only a few miles from NATOs eastern border underlines the extent to which Europe and Asia are trading placeswith the former becoming the strategic object of the latter. As China, India, and other rising Asian countries grow more powerful, they increasingly see Europe as the theater of their geopolitical ambitions. With the European Union roiled by internal divisions and failing to act as a coherent strategic actor in the face of multiple wars and conflicts in its region, the tables have turned. Whereas once-weak Asian powers used to be the object of Europes strategic calculations, it will now be the other way around. Asias growing agency in Europe is also demonstrated as many European leaderswho failed to prevent and stop Russias invasion of Ukraineturn to Chinese President Xi Jinping in hopes that he will persuade Russian President Vladimir Putin to end his war. Xi, who was received with much fanfare in Paris, Belgrade, and Budapest earlier this year, is reveling in his ability to play both sides of the war in Europe. But what the Chinese leader clearly understands is that helping Moscow succeed in Ukraine and elsewhere in Europe will make it easier for Beijing to secure primacy in Asia. If the West is tied down by the Russian threat in Europe, Beijing calculates, the Western ability to stand up to the Chinese challenge in Asia will inevitably diminish. In this sense, Europes biggest and deadliest conflict since 1945 is Chinas first major proxy war against the United States. Europe is similarly eager for help with peace diplomacy in Ukraine from India, which has not condemned the Russian invasion. Instead of falling in line with the West on Ukraine, New Delhi has been scolding Europe for its lack of understanding of Indias concerns. New Delhi continues to buy and process large quantities of Russian oil and resell some of it to Europe while pushing forward its engagement with Moscow. But Indias interest in Europe is different from Chinas. New Delhi considers Europe a future partner for economic and strategic cooperationand it has no desire to see Europe separated from Washington or weaken either. It needs both powers to balance China in Asia. Europe has steadily risen in Indias geopolitical calculus in recent years. At the same time, New Delhi has long seen Moscow as an important element of Asias geopolitical equilibrium. Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi traveled to Moscow in early July to strengthen bilateral relations Modi also hopes that Moscow can still be persuaded not to become a junior partner to Beijing. Divide and rule was the European colonial powers old maxim for gaining control of Asia. Today, Asias great powers are learning the art of probing European fault lineswhether its Russia courting Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban or Chinese support for those European leaders who seek to defy the United States to pursue the EU goal of strategic autonomy or their countries expansive commercial interests in China. Naturally, a more autonomous Europe would be an ideal outcome for Beijing. Besides exploiting the trans-Atlantic divide on geopolitics, Moscow and Beijing have more than enough room to work with anti-Americanism on the left and right of the European political spectrum. Asian powers are also increasingly involved on the Ukrainian side of the war. South Korea, which has emerged as a major weapons producer, is already selling arms to NATOand could increase its support for Ukraine in response to North Koreas increasing involvement on the Russian side. Japan has emerged as a major political and diplomatic supporter of Kyiv and will have a key role in the reconstruction of Ukraine when it begins. The July NATO summit in Washington also showed the extent to which European defense has become a concern of Asian and Pacific powers. The Biden administration has persuaded its four Indo-Pacific alliesAustralia, Japan, New Zealand, and South Koreato become part of Europes security discourse. Leaders of the four countries, the so-called AP-4, have become regular participants at NATO summits. A role for Asia in Europe is the flip side of U.S. President Joe Bidens argument that Europe should do more to secure Asia against China. It is not clear if the Europeans have the capacity and strategic coherence to contribute to Asian security, but Asian leaders recognize their stakes in Europe. Not all of Asias involvement in Europe is new. Although barely acknowledged today, Asians played a major role in European conflicts going back to the late 18th century. Consider the fact, for example, that British India contributed nearly 1 million soldiers to the Allies in World War I and 2 million to the Allies in World War II. Without those Indian troops, Europes map might look very different today. Unlike in the past, Asia will no longer be a passive adjunct to European wars. Indeed, the Russia-Ukraine war suggests that Asian powerswith their own strategic interests in mindwill be direct participants in the future. The fact that Europe struggles to cope with demographic decline, shrinking armies, and diminishing willpower makes the involvement of Asian states in European security even more likely. Asias geopolitical ambitions in and around Europe reach far beyond Ukraine. Iran, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates are playing an expanding role in the South Caucasus, Eastern Mediterranean, and Horn of Africa. Chinese and Persian Gulf capitalas well as Russian mercenariesare quickly driving the French and other Europeans out of their former colonial bastions in Africa. With Europe unable to secure the arc of instability from the Eastern to the Southern Mediterranean, it will be external powers that will, rather sooner than later, control these gates to Europe. Europe has a long tradition of underestimating Asia. In his 1968 book Asian Drama An Inquiry Into the Poverty of Nations, the Swedish scholar Gunnar Myrdal argued that Asia could not develop economically amid multiple structural constraints. Less than two decades later, Asias economic rise became one of the most consequential global trends. Economically, too, Europe must now come to terms with the fact that Asias growth is no longer premised on cheap labor producing simple wares. East Asia leads in the production of semiconductors and electric vehicles. Europe still has niche capabilities and remains a powerhouse of science, but there is no escaping the fact that the continent has fallen behind on innovation and lags Asia in the production of certain advanced technological goods. India, meanwhile, has carved out a place for itself as the supplier of technological talent for new industries in the West. As Asian powers set their eyes on Europe, the greatest source of worry for Europeans must be the fact that they are no longer at the center of the United States strategic affections. For more than a century, Europe has been the principal external theater of strategic interest for the United States. After the Second World War, the United States was willing to give its European interests higher priority than those in Asia. Today, U.S. military and strategic attention is increasingly focused on competition with China in Asia. Although the United States is unlikely to completely abandon Europenot even if former President Donald Trump wins another term in the November U.S. presidential electionit will be a lesser priority than Asia. None of this is to say that Europe has no options in dealing with a world in which Asia looms large. If it manages to shed its historic condescension toward the East, Europe could find new and mutually beneficial ways of working with Asian powers. For one, Europe must recognize that Asia is not united. Divides and outright confrontations aboundincluding between China and Japan, South Korea and Japan, Vietnam and China, Cambodia and Vietnam, and India and China. Europe has a long tradition of engaging with Asia, not least through its past colonial presence. But todays Europe has taken a long holiday from Asian geopolitics thanks to its illusions about the rise of a post-conflict world its replacement of foreign policy with mercantilism its outsourcing of securityand even strategic thinkingto the United States and its self-deceptions about being an empire of norms wielding not much more than the power of example. A Europe that actively engages with Asian geopolitics and pays due respect to the rise and agency of Asian powers will find it possible to upgrade its Asian tieseven as it modernizes its relationship with the United States. By sharing Washingtons burdens in the East and treating Asia as a geopolitical equal, Europe can regain its place on the global chessboard. C. Raja Mohan is a columnist at Foreign Policy, a visiting professor at the National University of Singapores Institute of South Asian Studies, a non-resident distinguished fellow at the Asia Society Policy Institute, and a former member of Indias National Security Advisory Board. X MohanCRaja Commenting on this and other recent articles is just one benefit of a Foreign Policy subscription. Already a subscriber? Log In. Subscribe Subscribe View Comments Join the conversation on this and other recent Foreign Policy articles when you subscribe now. Subscribe Subscribe Not your account? Log out View Comments Please follow our comment guidelines, stay on topic, and be civil, courteous, and respectful of others beliefs. I agree to abide by FPs comment guidelines. Required The default username below has been generated using the first name and last initial on your FP subscriber account. Usernames may be updated at any time and must not contain inappropriate or offensive language. Username I agree to abide by FPs comment guidelines. Required These middle powers of the global south should be the focus of U.S. policy.  The bond has been decades in the making, but Russias war in Ukraine has tightened their embrace.  Narendra Modis reign is producing a less liberal but more assured nation.  By submitting your email, you agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and to receive email correspondence from us. You may opt out at any time.  Signed Up Youre on the list! More ways to stay updated on global news  Signed Up  Signed Up  Signed Up  Signed Up  Signed Up Brussels has slavishly followed Washington for too longand forgotten how to advance its own geopolitical interests. The idea of a global clash of civilizations wasnt wrongit was just premature. Here are 10 steps European leaders can take now to bolster the continents defenses without U.S. help. After J.D. Vances bizarre speech, a word synonymous with appeasement may now signal the voluntary surrender of global hegemony.    FPs flagship evening newsletter guiding you through the most important world stories of the day, written by Alexandra Sharp. Delivered weekdays. By submitting your email, you agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and to receive email correspondence from us. You may opt out at any time.  Signed Up Specialty rates for students and faculty. Lock in your rates for longer. Unlock powerful intelligence for your team. Follow FP on X Follow FP on LinkedIn Follow FP on Instagram Follow FP on Facebook Follow FP on X Follow FP on LinkedIn Follow FP on Instagram Follow FP on Facebook Foreign Policy Magazine is a division of Graham Holdings Company. All contents c 2024, Graham Digital Holding Company. All rights reserved. Foreign Policy, 655 15th St NW, Suite 300, Washington, DC, 20005.

Cuts to areas including welfare will be put to the official forecaster ahead of the Spring Statement. The former prime minister examines his time in Downing Street, with the BBCs Nick Robinson for Political Thinking. The deputy PM says the UK will continue dialogue with the US after it suspended military aid to Ukraine. The prime minister will soon need evidence to show he can be a bridge between Trump and Ukraine. The White Houses criticism of Zelensky was very hard to watch, the former prime minister told the BBC. The former prime minister examines his time in Downing Street, with the BBCs Nick Robinson for Political Thinking. The announcement of new support for courts comes as two reports warn the justice system is struggling. The US vice-president faces criticism after saying troops from some random country will not deter Russia. The deputy PM says the UK will continue dialogue with the US after it suspended military aid to Ukraine. Rwanda had asked for additional money it said it was owed after the UK suspended aid to the country. King Charles has been a key part of efforts to maintain relationships with Trump and Zelensky. Welsh government plans for an extra 600m in NHS spending passes with Lib Dem help. Angela Eagle says the ads will expose the dangerous lies spread by ruthless criminal gangs. As the PM was speaking, Trump attacked European leaders Ukraine stance, asking what are they thinking? Europe stepping up is only half of the story and much depends on whether the US is willing to play its part. A deal to avoid further trade barriers appears very much on the cards, but challenges remain. No 10 thinks the talks were a success but questions remain on defence, our political editor writes. The handshake, the jokes and diplomacy by flattery - analysing Starmers first visit to the White House. A surprise letter from King Charles III to a possible trade deal - the key moments from Starmers visit to the White House. Copyright 2025 BBC. All rights reserved. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.

Cuts to areas including welfare will be put to the official forecaster ahead of the Spring Statement. The former prime minister examines his time in Downing Street, with the BBCs Nick Robinson for Political Thinking. The deputy PM says the UK will continue dialogue with the US after it suspended military aid to Ukraine. The prime minister will soon need evidence to show he can be a bridge between Trump and Ukraine. The White Houses criticism of Zelensky was very hard to watch, the former prime minister told the BBC. The former prime minister examines his time in Downing Street, with the BBCs Nick Robinson for Political Thinking. The announcement of new support for courts comes as two reports warn the justice system is struggling. The US vice-president faces criticism after saying troops from some random country will not deter Russia. The deputy PM says the UK will continue dialogue with the US after it suspended military aid to Ukraine. Rwanda had asked for additional money it said it was owed after the UK suspended aid to the country. King Charles has been a key part of efforts to maintain relationships with Trump and Zelensky. Welsh government plans for an extra 600m in NHS spending passes with Lib Dem help. Angela Eagle says the ads will expose the dangerous lies spread by ruthless criminal gangs. As the PM was speaking, Trump attacked European leaders Ukraine stance, asking what are they thinking? Europe stepping up is only half of the story and much depends on whether the US is willing to play its part. A deal to avoid further trade barriers appears very much on the cards, but challenges remain. No 10 thinks the talks were a success but questions remain on defence, our political editor writes. The handshake, the jokes and diplomacy by flattery - analysing Starmers first visit to the White House. A surprise letter from King Charles III to a possible trade deal - the key moments from Starmers visit to the White House. Copyright 2025 BBC. All rights reserved. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.

