Advertisement We are starting to understand how Greenland sharks can live for centuries without commonly developing tumours By Chris Simms 4 March 2025 A Greenland shark photographed near the seabeddotted zebraAlamy A Greenland shark photographed near the seabed dotted zebraAlamy A genomic study may have revealed how Greenland sharks live for centuries and yet rarely get cancer. These sharks Somniosus microcephalus are slow-moving dwellers of the deep that can reach more than 6 metres long and weigh over a tonne. We know little about their lives because they roam in dark, cold waters, but it is thought they dont reach sexual maturity until they are 150 years old and their lifespan has been estimated at about 400 years, making them the longest-living vertebrates that we know of. Read moreLargest Read more Largest Advertisement Receive a weekly dose of discovery in your inbox! Well also keep you up to date with New Scientist events and special offers. To continue reading, subscribe today with our introductory offers Existing subscribers Advertisement Explore the latest news, articles and features News Free Regulars Free News Free News Free Trending New Scientist articles Advertisement Download the app

Advertisement Regulars Subscriber-only News Subscriber-only News Subscriber-only Regulars Subscriber-only News Subscriber-only News Subscriber-only Features Subscriber-only News Subscriber-only News Subscriber-only Advertisement Regulars Subscriber-only News Subscriber-only News Free News Subscriber-only Regulars Subscriber-only Download the app

Advertisement John Scalzi, Silvia Park and Ai Jang all have new books out this month. Whether its time travel or a moon made of cheese that takes your fancy, theres some sci-fi here for you By Alison Flood 3 March 2025 The moon has turned to cheese in John Scalzis new sci-fi novelMadeleine Steinbach  Alamy Stock Photo The moon has turned to cheese in John Scalzis new sci-fi novel Madeleine Steinbach  Alamy Stock Photo My only complaint about the science fiction due to be published in March is how in the world are we meant to find the time to read all these great novels? There are so many must-reads out this month, whether its the latest from Nicholas Binge, Silvia Parks tale of a lost robot sibling or Laila Lalamis vision of a future where our dreams are policed for what we might be going to do sounds quite Minority Report  a very good thing in my view. All I can say is, I think its time to step away from the computer and get reading, if we want to keep up Sadly for humanity, in this latest slice of comic sci-fi from the excellent John Scalzi, the moon has turned to cheese and they have to work out what to do about it. This sounds like a lot of fun, but Im primarily planning to read it to find out what type of cheese the moon has become. Im hoping its a nice gooey chunk of taleggio Our sci-fi columnist Emily H. Wilson heartily approves of Binges latest, writing that this time travel tale is well-deserving of its upcoming big-screen treatment. It tells the story of Maggie, the carer for her husband Stanley, who is losing his memory. But then a mysterious stranger, Hassan, turns up and tells her that it isnt that Stanley is losing his memories, but that someone is taking them  and Maggie can go into his mind and get them back. Ive not read any Binge yet, but I am keen to try out this one  and his previous novel, Ascension. Advertisement Nicholas Binges new time travel novel Dissolution is being adapted into a filmShutterstock  New Africa Nicholas Binges new time travel novel Dissolution is being adapted into a film Shutterstock  New Africa I have heard a lot about this debut novel and it is sitting in my vast pile of books, ready to be picked up when I get a second. It sounds wonderful. In a future unified Korea, three estranged siblings two human, one robot reunite after 11-year-old Ruijie discovers the body of a robot boy in a junkyard. This speculative mystery sounds just my kind of disturbing. Sara is on her way home from a work trip when agents from the Risk Assessment Administration grab her at the airport. Theyve used data from her dreams and discovered she is at imminent risk of harming her husband. She must therefore be remanded to a detention centre, for his safety, for 21 days. But once there, alongside the other dangerous dreamers, she finds it might be harder to get out than she thought Join us in reading and discussing the best new science and science fiction books I am a huge fan of a previous Fracassi novel, A Child Alone With Strangers  which is like Stephen King at his scary-but-warm-hearted best. So I was delighted to learn that he has turned to sci-fi with this time travel novel, in which the titular third rule is that the traveller is unable to interact with the past, only observe it. But then scientist Beth Darlow, who builds the machine that enables this trip to the past to happen, discovers that even her observations are causing her timeline to warp. I am really looking forward to this one. The Hugo-winning Martine wrote a stunning sci-fi short story for New Scientist a few years back. Shes brilliant! And to top that off, her latest is being compared to the best scary novel ever written Shirley Jacksons The Haunting of Hill House. In Martines twist, a house Rose House infused with an artificial intelligence has been locked up since the death of its architect. The only person allowed to visit is the architects protégé, once a year. But now there is a dead person there  and Rose House isnt communicating any further. Creepy! Winner of the 4th Korea Sci-fi Literature Award, this novel is set in 2035, when two sisters learn their beloved racehorse is being sent to the knackers yard and hatch a plan to save her. They will get her to run one last race to remind her of happier times, but will train her to run the slowest race of her life. A new colony is being established on Mars in Mary Robinette Kowals latest novelShutterstock  Gorodenkoff A new colony is being established on Mars in Mary Robinette Kowals latest novel Shutterstock  Gorodenkoff This is the fourth in Kowals Lady Astronaut series and is set years after an extinction-level global warming event on Earth, triggered by a meteorite strike. The survivors are now out to establish a new home on Mars and Elma York, the Lady Astronaut, arrives on the Red Planet to prepare. But something seems off This comic homage to all things sci-fi follows Johnny Gomez, the custodian  or space broom  of a far-flung space station, who discovers a stolen data chip and sets out to make his fortune. Im never quite sure about so-called comic novels the only ones I have ever genuinely roared with laughter at are Andy Stantons Mr Gum series, which I really recommend if you have a child in primary school, but this does sound fun. Our writers pick their favourite science fiction books of all timeWe asked New Scientist staff to pick their favourite science fiction books. Here are the results, ranging from 19th-century classics to modern day offerings, and from Octavia E. Butler to Iain M. Banks Our writers pick their favourite science fiction books of all time We asked New Scientist staff to pick their favourite science fiction books. Here are the results, ranging from 19th-century classics to modern day offerings, and from Octavia E. Butler to Iain M. Banks This is described as science-fantasy  it follows Liu Lufeng, a princess of the Feng royal family, who have bark faces, branch arms and needle hair. She is due to be the next bride of a human king, but her people, who live within nature, are under constant threat from human expansion. Lufeng decides she will kill the king on her wedding day and put an end to future marriages for her people. Yuki and Sam are soulmates, but when Sam decides to take a new miracle drug that can extend a humans lifespan indefinitely, what will happen to their romance? This is the sequel to Robins The Stars Undying and sees Anita on a quest for revenge after the death of Commander Matheus Ceirran. When she travels into a neighbouring empire, however, she discovers a secret that could threaten the galaxy. New Scientist book club Love reading? Come and join our friendly group of fellow book lovers. Every six weeks, we delve into an exciting new title, with members given free access to extracts from our books, articles from our authors and video interviews. Sign up Love reading? Come and join our friendly group of fellow book lovers. Every six weeks, we delve into an exciting new title, with members given free access to extracts from our books, articles from our authors and video interviews. Topics Advertisement Receive a weekly dose of discovery in your inbox! Well also keep you up to date with New Scientist events and special offers. Explore the latest news, articles and features Culture Free Culture Subscriber-only Culture Free Culture Subscriber-only Trending New Scientist articles Advertisement Download the app

Sponsored by Behind the scenes, industrial artificial intelligence is transforming the efficiency and performance of companies. But the bigger picture is the implication for global sustainability Behind the scenes, industrial artificial intelligence is transforming the efficiency and performance of companies. But the bigger picture is the implication for global sustainability 29 May 2024 Swedish water supplier VA SYD used industrial AI techniques to reduce water leakage rates from 10 per cent to less than 8 per centKentaroo Tryman Swedish water supplier VA SYD used industrial AI techniques to reduce water leakage rates from 10 per cent to less than 8 per cent Kentaroo Tryman Weve never had such powerful tools to solve the challenges we face in sustainability, says James Cole, Chief Innovation Officer at the Cambridge Institute for Sustainability Leadership CISL, in the UK. Artificial Intelligence AI systems have the potential to help us understand the world in all its complexity to optimise industrial processes for holistic business, social and environmental outcomes. The arrival of AI across the industrial sector has been heralded as the next great industrial revolution. But unlike past revolutions, which typically accelerated the consumption of resources, AI offers the opportunity to slash waste while boosting efficiency to levels only previously dreamed of. Within this context, global technology company, Siemens, is working to strengthen the emerging link between AI-optimised industry and environmental stewardship as society pushes towards net-zero carbon emissions. At heart, AI is software that performs tasks traditionally requiring human intellect, such as understanding text, identifying complex patterns, modelling processes, and making predictions. But in an industrial context, AI systems must be engineered for reliability and security. That allows them to be built into the industrial backbone of economies, optimising and improving processes in everything from healthcare and mobility to power generation and infrastructure. Take water management. One way to improve water sustainability is to lose less of it through leaks. Yet ageing pipes and ground movements make leaks inevitable. About 30 per cent of the drinking water the world produces is wasted  a shockingly high figure, says Adam Cartwright, Siemens Industry Strategy Director for Software in Water and Waste Water. Every time you avoid losses, youre not only saving money but better managing precious water resources. VA SYD is one of Swedens largest water companies supplying drinking water to over half a million customers. Previously, it was losing 10 per cent of its water but had no means of detecting small leaks. By training an AI model on historical data from VA SYDs water network, the Siemens Leak Finder application learned to identify and locate leaks, even small ones losing just 0.25 litres per second. That allowed VA SYD to reduce leaks to a world-leading level of less than 8 per cent. Meanwhile, Siemens is working with Yorkshire Water and the University of Sheffield, using AI to protect the environment at the other end of the water cycle. In combined sewage systems, stormwater runoff and household sewage together flow to water treatment plants. And in times of intense rainfall, combined sewer outlets are designed to release excess water and sewage into rivers to prevent flooding in public areas. One challenge is that blockages in pipes can lead to unnecessary releases, but these obstructions are hard to detect see diagram. To address this, Siemens developed a blockage-predicting AI trained on data from thousands of sensors on Yorkshire Waters sewer outlets, in combination with rainfall data. It learned what a properly functioning sewage network looks like under different weather conditions. When its monitoring system detects flows in the network behaving unexpectedly, it simulates potential blockages in different locations to work out where a real blockage may be developing. The predictor finds 90 per cent of potential issues three times more effective than traditional, statistical approaches. And it provides as much as two weeks warning of impending blockages, while halving the previous rate of false alarms. Looking ahead, Cartwright considers the potential for AI and digital technologies to reduce carbon and environmental impact by more carefully managing water and energy use. Pumping water accounts for 2-3 per cent of a countrys power use, he says. By ensuring that this pumping is done when energy is at its cheapest and greenest, industrial AI can reduce costs for water and increase resilience for both sectors. AI is already helping manage the environmental impact of another key part of modern societys infrastructure data centres. Their energy usage is significant, much of it used to keep their thousands of servers cool. How water works How water works But consider Greenergy Data Centers facility in Estonia. Already powered solely by renewable energy, the company further reduced its environmental footprint and energy costs using AI. Servers produce heat depending on their workload but this can change more quickly than conventional cooling systems can react to. To combat this, Siemens developed AI-supported software that uses real-time temperature and airflow data collected by sensors all over the data centre, in addition to information on server workload. The system can then anticipate cooling needs to maintain optimal temperatures throughout the facility. When we first launched the system, it improved our efficiency by approximately 30 per cent at the push of a button, says Kert Evert, Chief Development Officer of Greenergy Data Centers. Its an example of AI being part of the solution to one of its own challenges, given concerns over the amount of energy AI requires. Here Pina Schlombs, Sustainability Lead, Siemens Digital Industries Software, notes the outlook of AI computing efficiency is improving drastically. Consider also an AI model in the industrial space that accelerates product design for optimal environmental lifetime impact or increases resource and energy efficiency, she says. With a holistic perspective, we can gauge whether the sustainability benefits of AI outweigh the resources to train and run it. To realise AIs benefits within any industry, continues Cartwright, the first step is making full use of existing infrastructure, data and sensor networks. If additional hardware is required, it should be easily linked to existing hardware and asset-management software through secure, standard protocols. This interoperability is key to supporting the diverse, evolving needs of industrial applications, says Cartwright. Organisations can then benefit from the convergence of AI with other technologies its ability to help master complex problems at speed and scale. CISLs accelerator programmes reflect this potential, having supported over 350 startups in the past three years, including those showing the power of AI to solve complex challenges. Monumo, for example, is revolutionising electric motor design, enabling more design simulations to be run than conventional approaches  finding faster answers to energy efficient vehicle design. All this makes AI an ally in humanitys effort to achieve a smarter, environmentally friendly future. Cole agrees. AI has the potential to help us make better decisions through greater understanding. This facilitates better collaboration across industries, to foster alignment on how we realise a sustainable tomorrow. Hear more from Pina Schlombs in our in-depth podcast interview available to listen now. Further reading from Siemens here. Advertisement Receive a weekly dose of discovery in your inbox! Well also keep you up to date with New Scientist events and special offers. Explore the latest news, articles and features News Free News Free News Free Features Subscriber-only Trending New Scientist articles Download the app

Advertisement Please read the following syndication information to confirm whether the type of usage you require is allowed. In some cases it is not necessary to contact us for permission to use our content  please read this carefully to confirm if so. Tribune Content Agency handle our syndication requests and they can be contacted at tca-articlesalestribpub.com As copyright owners, the publisher of New Scientist is able to license non-exclusive copyright on the majority of our content to other parties. Please email Tribune Content Agency at tca-articlesalestribpub.com to get a quote and discuss further. Academic organisations may reproduce our content free of charge provided New Scientist is clearly credited as the source. No permission is required for this. Web reuse  if you wish to use our content on your website or blog, you may reproduce up to 200 words and then link back to the article on newscientist.com. No permission is required to do this  see the Web reuse  Linking section below for full details about using New Scientist content online. Advertisement Textbooks and examination papers  we do charge for reprinting our articles in textbooks and examination papers. Please contact Tribune Content Agency at tca-articlesalestribpub.com with details of your request to get a quote. If you wish to use our content on your website or blog, you may reproduce up to 200 words and then link back to the article on newscientist.com. No permission is required to do this. Any website, blog or online entity reproducing more than 200 words of any article, graphic or video, without written permission from either New Scientist, its parent company or authorised syndication agents, is in breach of our copyright. We will take legal action if we find any website, blog or online entity has breached our copyright. Permission to reproduce New Scientist content online, outside the fair usage policy detailed above, will only be granted in exceptional circumstances. Email newsletters  if you wish to use a New Scientist article in your email newsletter you may reproduce up to 200 words and then link back to the article on newscientist.com. Permission will be required to use more than 200 words, as detailed above  if you are a commercial organisation, or your email newsletter is for commercial purposes, a fee will apply should permission be granted. New Scientist does not hold the copyright to any photograph or piece of artwork that you see featured in the magazine or on the website. Therefore we are unable to distribute them or grant permission for their reuse. The source is usually credited alongside each photopiece of artwork and you are encouraged to contact the copyright owner directly. We are able to syndicate our in-house graphicsdiagrams for reuse. If you would like to syndicate a graphicdiagram, please contact Tribune Content Agency at tca-articlesalestribpub.com to get a quote and discuss further. Please supply details of the graphicdiagram, the name of the article it relates to, if it appeared in print the date of the magazine issue, if online a link to the graphicdiagram as well as a link to the article it relates to. You are free to embed the YouTube link to a video on your site. Hosting of New Scientist videos on websites by other means, including usage in any film, video or TV programme, requires permission from either New Scientist, our syndication agents, or the rights holder where New Scientist does not own the rights. The final frames of the video will usually give details of the copyright owner  you are encouraged to contact the copyright owner directly if New Scientist is not the rights holder. For videos New Scientist owns the rights to, please contact Tribune Content Agency at tca-articlesalestribpub.com to discuss permission and rates. Editing of videos, outside of taking excerpts, is not allowed without express permission. We are happy for students to quote short extracts of our articles for their schoolcollege coursework, as long as New Scientist is clearly credited as the source. You do not need to ask us for permission to do this. The above guidelines for Web reuseLinking also applies to students  please consult the section above. New Scientist does not offer a translation service for any of its articles. Once you have received permission to syndicate an article as detailed in the sections above, if you wish to translate it you do not need our permission to do so, as long as the following statement appears alongside the translation Title of magazine agrees to indemnify New Scientist Ltd and New Scientist against any claim arising from incorrect or misleading translation If you have details of the article you would like to syndicate, please contact Tribune Content Agency at tca-articlesalestribpub.com to receive a quote. For any other queries not answered above, please contact us here  please ensure you have read the information on this page before contacting us, as due to the volume of emails received, if your query is answered above you will not receive a response. Download the app

Learn more Because of their high metabolic rates, sea otters are especially vulnerable to disturbances that can increase their energy needs. New research in The Journal of Wildlife Management reveals how human activities affect the ... Plants  Animals 57 minutes ago 0 0 New research has uncovered why different climate models offer varying projections of sea surface temperature SST changes in the tropical Pacific, a region critical for global climate patterns. The study, published in Advances ... Earth Sciences 1 hour ago 0 0 Brendan Cottrell studies the application of remote sensing and drone technology in marine mammal conservation at the Applied Remote Sensing Laboratory at McGill University, where he recently completed his MSc. Plants  Animals 4 hours ago 0 0 Ancient frog relatives survived the aftermath of the largest mass extinction of species by feeding on freshwater prey that evaded terrestrial predators, University of Bristol academics have found. Ecology 8 hours ago 0 53 Medical research advances and health news The latest engineering, electronics and technology advances The most comprehensive sci-tech news coverage on the web

Learn more share this! Share Tweet Share Email March 4, 2025 This article has been reviewed according to Science Xs editorial process and policies. Editors have highlighted the following attributes while ensuring the contents credibility fact-checked trusted source proofread by Chinese Academy of Sciences Forests are vital to the global carbon cycle and play a critical role in regulating climate stability. However, accurately detecting forest phenologyparticularly the timing of photosynthetic activityhas long been a challenge. Traditional vegetation indices like normalized difference vegetation index NDVI, while widely used, can only reflect the greenness of vegetation, and signal saturation is common in dense vegetation ecosystems such as forests, and cannot accurately capture forest photosynthesis phenology. The solar-induced chlorophyll fluorescence SIF remote sensing data contain an abundance of plant physiological and biochemical information, which can directly reflect the dynamic process changes of the actual photosynthesis of vegetation. Yet, challenges remain with SIF data resolution and temporal continuity. To overcome these limitations, reconstructing high spatial and temporal continuity of SIF data to extract forest photosynthesis phenology is needed. On February 20, 2025, a research team from Wuhan University and Emory University published a pioneering study in the Journal of Remote Sensing, introducing the Change Point Estimation of Forest Photosynthetic Phenology based on the Maximum Perpendicular Distance CBPD method. This new approach, leveraging SIF data, offers a more accurate way to pinpoint the start and end of the growing season compared to traditional methods. It provides an essential tool for ecological research and climate change studies, with the potential to revolutionize forest phenology monitoring. The standout feature of this study is the CBPD method, which outperforms traditional techniques such as Double Logistic DL, First-Order Derivative FOD, and Dynamic Threshold DT in accuracy. The CBPD method reduces Root Mean Square Error RMSE by 0.04 to 14.04 days, increases Pearsons correlation coefficient R by 0.03 to 0.30, and boosts the Agreement Index AI by 0.34 to 21.52. In addition, the study reveals that spring phenology is primarily driven by temperature, while autumn phenology is influenced more by radiation, highlighting how climate change is reshaping forest growth patterns. The research team employed the Global OCO-2 SIF GOSIF dataset, which integrates machine learning with MODIS data and meteorological reanalysis to deliver high spatiotemporal resolution. Spanning two decades 20012020 and covering 38 eddy covariance flux tower sites across North America, the study validated CBPD by comparing it with daily Gross Primary Productivity GPP and Net Ecosystem Exchange NEE data from flux towers. The results demonstrated CBPDs superiority over traditional methods, particularly in complex climate conditions and diverse vegetation types. This study provides a fresh perspective on forest phenology monitoring, said the lead researcher. The CBPD method not only enhances the precision of phenology parameter extraction but also offers valuable insights into how forests respond to climate change. Our next steps involve expanding its application to more ecosystems and vegetation types, further unlocking its potential. Discover the latest in science, tech, and space with over 100,000 subscribers who rely on Phys.org for daily insights. Sign up for our free newsletter and get updates on breakthroughs, innovations, and research that matterdaily or weekly. To improve the accuracy of CBPD algorithm, the team applied several technical approaches. First, SIF data were smoothed using an 8th-order polynomial model and the Savitzky-Golay filter to remove outliers. Then, the DL growth model was employed to interpolate daily SIF values, identifying dormancy and peak growth phases. Finally, the change points for Start of Season SOS and End of Season EOS were determined by calculating the maximum perpendicular distances from points on the curve to the baseline. The potential applications of this technology are vast. It can provide a solid scientific foundation for forest ecosystem management and conservation, while also offering valuable data for global climate change research. As higher-resolution SIF data become available, the CBPD method is poised to be applied to a broader range of ecosystems, paving the way for breakthroughs in global ecological research and environmental monitoring. More information Chaoya Dang et al, A New Change Point Estimation of Forest Photosynthetic Phenology Method Based on the Maximum Perpendicular Distance Using Solar-Induced Chlorophyll Fluorescence, Journal of Remote Sensing 2025. DOI 10.34133remotesensing.0425 Provided by Chinese Academy of Sciences Explore further Facebook Twitter Email Feedback to editors 17 hours ago 0 20 hours ago 0 20 hours ago 0 Mar 3, 2025 0 Mar 3, 2025 0 8 hours ago 10 hours ago 11 hours ago 11 hours ago 12 hours ago 12 hours ago 12 hours ago 12 hours ago 12 hours ago 12 hours ago 5 hours ago Mar 3, 2025 Mar 2, 2025 Mar 2, 2025 Feb 27, 2025 Feb 26, 2025 More from Earth Sciences May 29, 2023 Aug 19, 2024 Feb 21, 2025 Oct 15, 2024 Apr 1, 2024 Feb 27, 2025 11 hours ago 12 hours ago 12 hours ago 13 hours ago 17 hours ago 17 hours ago A new method, Change Point Estimation of Forest Photosynthetic Phenology based on the Maximum Perpendicular Distance CBPD, enhances forest phenology monitoring by leveraging solar-induced chlorophyll fluorescence SIF data. This approach improves accuracy over traditional methods, reducing RMSE by 0.04 to 14.04 days and increasing correlation and agreement indices. It highlights temperature and radiation as key drivers of seasonal phenology changes, offering insights into climate impacts on forests. The methods application spans diverse ecosystems, aiding ecological and climate research. This summary was automatically generated using LLM. Full disclaimer Use this form if you have come across a typo, inaccuracy or would like to send an edit request for the content on this page. For general inquiries, please use our contact form. For general feedback, use the public comments section below please adhere to guidelines. Please select the most appropriate category to facilitate processing of your request Thank you for taking time to provide your feedback to the editors. Your feedback is important to us. However, we do not guarantee individual replies due to the high volume of messages. Your email address is used only to let the recipient know who sent the email. Neither your address nor the recipients address will be used for any other purpose. The information you enter will appear in your e-mail message and is not retained by Phys.org in any form. Get weekly andor daily updates delivered to your inbox. You can unsubscribe at any time and well never share your details to third parties. More information Privacy policy We keep our content available to everyone. Consider supporting Science Xs mission by getting a premium account. Medical research advances and health news The latest engineering, electronics and technology advances The most comprehensive sci-tech news coverage on the web

Learn more Last update 16 hours ago Boron, carbon, nitrogen and oxygen these four elements can form chemical triple bonds with each other due to their similar electronic properties. Examples of this are the gas carbon monoxide, which consists of one carbon ... Analytical Chemistry 18 hours ago 0 28 A research team, led by Professor Dong Woog Lee from the Department of Chemistry at UNIST, in collaboration with Professor Byeong-Su Kim from the Department of Chemistry at Yonsei University, has discovered that the synergistic ... Polymers 16 hours ago 0 40 Researchers at the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign have developed a method to recycle platinum catalysts used in the production of valuable silicone materials. Analytical Chemistry 16 hours ago 0 0 A small team of materials scientists and chemical engineers at Qingdao University, in China, has developed a self-powered, three-component biosensor that can kill bacteria in water samples. The study is published in the journal ... Biochemistry 17 hours ago 0 0 Inspired by the natural Bouligand structure, researchers have been developing advanced materials for applications in impact-resistant bioplastics, ceramic armor, and biomimetic alloy composites. Most existing materials are ... Biochemistry 16 hours ago 0 0 University of Missouri researchers and collaborators have developed an innovative, eco-friendly chemical tool that harnesses the power of engineered soapy water and electricity to create reactions in a whole new way. This ... Analytical Chemistry Mar 3, 2025 0 26 Youve seen the movie scene dilapidated skyscrapers, collapsed bridges, and empty, shell-like cars in a post-apocalyptic city. While Hollywood imagines fictional causes for this decay, in reality, the culprit is far more ... Analytical Chemistry Mar 3, 2025 0 28 An Australian-led team of international scientists have shown how per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances PFAS can be safely destroyed by burning them. Analytical Chemistry Mar 3, 2025 0 21 As highly pathogenic H5N1 avian influenza continues to spread in the U.S., posing serious threats to dairy and poultry farms, both farmers and public health experts need better ways to monitor for infections, in real time, ... Biochemistry Mar 3, 2025 0 1 Flotation is one of the most important processes for separating minerals in the raw materials industry. Achieving the highest possible mineral enrichment requires the appropriate selection and dosage of reagentsa complex, ... Analytical Chemistry Mar 3, 2025 0 0 Graphyne is a crystalline form of carbon that is distinct from both diamond and graphite. Unlike diamond, where each atom possesses four immediate neighbors, or graphite, where each atom has three, graphynes structure combines ... Analytical Chemistry Feb 28, 2025 0 93 Pharmaceutical scientists at the National University of Singapore NUS have developed a novel chemical reaction that enables the precise functionalization of peptides and proteins. This approach could provide a useful tool ... Biochemistry Feb 28, 2025 0 0 Bifloranes, also known as serrulatanes, feature a distinct 6,6-bicyclic framework and a prenyl side chain, showcasing a wide range of biological activities such as anti-inflammatory, antimalarial, and antitumor effects. These ... Biochemistry Feb 28, 2025 0 31 A research team led by Prof. Hu Xiaoye from the Hefei Institutes of Physical Science of the Chinese Academy of Sciences has synthesized high-quality boride ceramic powders with an Archimedean shape. Materials Science Feb 28, 2025 0 0 A research team led by Assistant Professor Shogo Mori and Professor Susumu Saito at Nagoya University has developed a method of artificial photosynthesis that uses sunlight and water to produce energy and valuable organic ... Biochemistry Feb 27, 2025 0 85 Curtin University researchers have developed a new technique to make glass water-repellent, a feature that could improve safety in vehicles, reduce cleaning costs for buildings and enhance filtration systems. Materials Science Feb 27, 2025 0 0 Data from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention show there were about 107,000 drug overdose deaths in the United States in 2023. Of those, about 75, or 81,000, involved opioids. Biochemistry Feb 27, 2025 0 22 A team of scientists at UNSW has discovered that some of the most important new refrigerants break down, in part, into persistent greenhouse gas pollutants, including compounds that have been banned internationally. Analytical Chemistry Feb 27, 2025 0 0 Novel protein cage systems can control and visualize orientational changes in aromatic side chains upon ligand binding, as reported by researchers at the Institute of Science, Tokyo. By inducing coordinated molecular changes, ... Biochemistry Feb 27, 2025 0 0 When you drink a nice refreshing glass of water, do you ever think, Gee, Im glad that polymeric desalination membrane did its job! Probably not, but maybe you should. Polymers Feb 26, 2025 1 30 1 hour ago 0 57 minutes ago 0 4 hours ago 0 17 hours ago 3 8 hours ago 0 Medical research advances and health news The latest engineering, electronics and technology advances The most comprehensive sci-tech news coverage on the web

Learn more share this! Share Tweet Share Email March 4, 2025 This article has been reviewed according to Science Xs editorial process and policies. Editors have highlighted the following attributes while ensuring the contents credibility fact-checked peer-reviewed publication trusted source written by researchers proofread by Matthew Westfall, Joshua Barocas, The Conversation Denver saw an increase in youth homelessness from 10 to 25 between 2017 and 2021, according to our study recently published in the peer-reviewed journal Pediatrics. We are two physicians whose clinical work and research focuses on the social causes of health and disease. In particular, weve seen firsthand how housing instability influences health outcomes. Homelessness takes many forms, including living on the street or in a car, motel or shelter, or staying temporarily with friends or family. This last scenario is known as doubling up. Our findings suggest that 1 in 4 Denver youth age 14 to 17 experienced some form of homelessness in 2021, and that the number of youth experiencing homelessness in Denver is many times greater than what traditional methods find. In our study, we used three data sources in whats known as a multiple systems estimation approach. This approach has been used to count other difficult-to-measure groups of people, including those with substance use disorders or COVID-19. Rarely has it been applied to homelessness. Our study relied on data from the public school system, Colorado child protective services and the Metro Denver Homeless Initiative. We combined these datasets to avoid overlap between individuals and counted unique youth present in the data. We then used statistical modeling techniques to estimate those who are unknownmeaning not identified in the data. Together, these combined known counts and unknown estimates can give a more complete size of the total population. Among our findings, we noted that 75 to 83 of youth experiencing homelessness in Denver identified as BlackAfrican American or Hispanic. Homelessness is associated with myriad negative health outcomes. Among youth, the rate of death is 10 times higher for those experiencing homelessness compared with housed youth. To count people experiencing homelessness, states and homelessness service providers most often rely on point-in-time counts. In a point-in-time count, local service providers interview and record people experiencing homelessness on one night in January of each year. Typically, only people who are living on the streets or in shelters are counted. Point-in-time counts are crucial for policy decisions around homelessness because they help local, state and national organizations and governments allocate resources. However, point-in-time counts may miss people living in motels, doubling up, those who experience homelessness at other times of the year beyond January, and others. Consequently, many experts and researchers recognize that these counts give incomplete data. Young people are especially undercounted because they frequently experience homelessness as doubling up. For example, the national point-in-time count from 2019-2020 identified 106,364 school-age children experiencing homelessness in the United States. However, estimates from the public schools suggest the actual number was closer to 1.3 million. Service providers and governments need new methods to count those experiencing homelessness. From Denver to Washington D.C., they cannot appropriately make decisions or adequately fund evidence-based interventions using incomplete numbers. We believe our methods can be an important piece of the toolbox to improve estimates and better inform policy. Discover the latest in science, tech, and space with over 100,000 subscribers who rely on Phys.org for daily insights. Sign up for our free newsletter and get updates on breakthroughs, innovations, and research that matterdaily or weekly. Even according to traditional point-in-time counts, homelessness continues to rise significantly across Colorado and nationally. Our results suggest many more youth, and likely persons from all walks of life, are experiencing homelessness than previously known. Our team is working to use this methodology at the state level in Colorado. We plan to expand our counts to include adults in order to improve estimates among racial and ethnic minorities, LGBTQ people and other at-risk communities. At the same time, our results demonstrate that multiple systems estimation can be an important tool in Colorado and nationally. Our team is optimistic that other researchers, service providers and governments will begin to use this method in their localities. We hope that with a better understanding of the scope of homelessness, legislators and service providers can implement more effective policies to address this hidden crisis. Journal information Pediatrics Provided by The Conversation This article is republished from The Conversation under a Creative Commons license. Read the original article. Explore further Facebook Twitter Email Feedback to editors 17 hours ago 0 20 hours ago 0 20 hours ago 0 Mar 3, 2025 0 Mar 3, 2025 0 8 hours ago 10 hours ago 11 hours ago 11 hours ago 12 hours ago 12 hours ago 12 hours ago 12 hours ago 12 hours ago 12 hours ago 1 hour ago Mar 2, 2025 Mar 1, 2025 Mar 1, 2025 Feb 28, 2025 Feb 27, 2025 More from Art, Music, History, and Linguistics Jan 3, 2025 Jan 13, 2025 Dec 31, 2024 Nov 21, 2023 Mar 28, 2023 Jun 13, 2024 13 hours ago Feb 28, 2025 Feb 28, 2025 Feb 28, 2025 Feb 27, 2025 Feb 27, 2025 Between 2017 and 2021, youth homelessness in Denver increased from 10 to 25. Traditional methods undercounted the issue, as 1 in 4 youth aged 14 to 17 experienced homelessness in 2021. A multiple systems estimation approach, using data from public schools, child protective services, and the Metro Denver Homeless Initiative, revealed that 75 to 83 of these youths were BlackAfrican American or Hispanic. This method offers a more accurate count than point-in-time counts, which often miss those living in motels or doubled up. Improved counting methods are crucial for effective policy and resource allocation. This summary was automatically generated using LLM. Full disclaimer Use this form if you have come across a typo, inaccuracy or would like to send an edit request for the content on this page. For general inquiries, please use our contact form. For general feedback, use the public comments section below please adhere to guidelines. Please select the most appropriate category to facilitate processing of your request Thank you for taking time to provide your feedback to the editors. Your feedback is important to us. However, we do not guarantee individual replies due to the high volume of messages. Your email address is used only to let the recipient know who sent the email. Neither your address nor the recipients address will be used for any other purpose. The information you enter will appear in your e-mail message and is not retained by Phys.org in any form. Get weekly andor daily updates delivered to your inbox. You can unsubscribe at any time and well never share your details to third parties. More information Privacy policy We keep our content available to everyone. Consider supporting Science Xs mission by getting a premium account. Medical research advances and health news The latest engineering, electronics and technology advances The most comprehensive sci-tech news coverage on the web

Learn more Because of their high metabolic rates, sea otters are especially vulnerable to disturbances that can increase their energy needs. New research in The Journal of Wildlife Management reveals how human activities affect the ... Plants  Animals 57 minutes ago 0 0 New research has uncovered why different climate models offer varying projections of sea surface temperature SST changes in the tropical Pacific, a region critical for global climate patterns. The study, published in Advances ... Earth Sciences 1 hour ago 0 0 Brendan Cottrell studies the application of remote sensing and drone technology in marine mammal conservation at the Applied Remote Sensing Laboratory at McGill University, where he recently completed his MSc. Plants  Animals 4 hours ago 0 0 Ancient frog relatives survived the aftermath of the largest mass extinction of species by feeding on freshwater prey that evaded terrestrial predators, University of Bristol academics have found. Ecology 8 hours ago 0 53 Researchers at Rice University have uncovered a critical link between rising temperatures and declines in a species population, shedding new light on how global warming threatens natural ecosystems. The study, published ... Ecology 10 hours ago 0 48 If there were such a thing as a photo album of the universe, it might include snapshots of pancake-like disks of gas and dust, swirling around newly formed stars across the Milky Way. Known as planet-forming disks, they are ... Planetary Sciences 11 hours ago 0 56 Northwestern University researchers are actively overturning the conventional view of iron oxides as mere phosphorus sinks. A critical nutrient for life, most phosphorus in the soil is organicfrom remains of plants, ... Earth Sciences 11 hours ago 0 41 UFIFAS researchers are investigating the economic potential of growing vanilla in Florida with the aim of establishing a potentially lucrative, alternative crop to oranges. Agriculture 11 hours ago 0 0 A new University of Massachusetts Amherst study provides fresh insights into why some autocratic governments, despite rampant corruption, draw fewer large-scale protests than others. The research, published in the journal ... Political science 11 hours ago 0 1 A Texas AM Veterinary Education, Research,  Outreach VERO program-led research team is studying whether artificial intelligence AI could play a supportive role in the evaluation of respiratory disease in pigs. Biotechnology 12 hours ago 0 0 Medical research advances and health news The latest engineering, electronics and technology advances The most comprehensive sci-tech news coverage on the web

You are using a browser version with limited support for CSS. To obtain the best experience, we recommend you use a more up to date browser or turn off compatibility mode in Internet Explorer. In the meantime, to ensure continued support, we are displaying the site without styles and JavaScript. Advertisement This is a summary of Li, C.  Shenvi, R. A. Total synthesis of 25 picrotoxanes by virtual library selection. Nature 638, 980986 2025. Access Nature and 54 other Nature Portfolio journals Get Nature, our best-value online-access subscription 24,99   30 days cancel any time Subscribe to this journal Receive 51 print issues and online access 185,98  per year only 3,65  per issue Rent or buy this article Prices vary by article type from1.95 to39.95 Prices may be subject to local taxes which are calculated during checkout doi httpsdoi.org10.1038d41586-025-00573-7 Expert opinion is published under a CC BY 4.0 licence. Boger, D. L. J. Org. Chem. 82, 1196111980 2017. Article PubMed Google Scholar Tong, G. et al. Nature Commun. 14, 8308 2023. Article PubMed Google Scholar Pressly, B. et al. Arch. Toxicol. 94, 19952007 2020. Article PubMed Google Scholar Snelson, D. W., Ting, S. I.  Shenvi, R. A. J. Am. Chem. Soc. 147, 13271333 2024. Article PubMed Google Scholar Crossley, S. W. M., Tong, G., Lambrecht, M. J., Burdge, H. E.  Shenvi, R. A. J. Am. Chem. Soc. 142, 1137611381 2020. Article PubMed Google Scholar Download references Reprints and permissions Read the paper Total synthesis of 25 picrotoxanes by virtual library selection Large language models direct automated chemistry laboratory Machine learning made easy for optimizing chemical reactions We use 30 billion tonnes of concrete each year  heres how to make it sustainable Comment 25 FEB 25 Low-iridium device speeds progress towards green hydrogen Research Highlight 19 FEB 25 Thermal Ca2Mg2 exchange reactions to synthesize CO2 removal materials Article 19 FEB 25 Electrochemical synthesis goes wireless News  Views 08 JAN 25 Total synthesis of 25 picrotoxanes by virtual library selection Article 23 DEC 24 Aromatic ring-opening metathesis Article 11 DEC 24 σ-Bond insertion reactions of two strained diradicaloids Article 12 FEB 25 Electrochemical synthesis goes wireless News  Views 08 JAN 25 β-CH bond functionalization of ketones and esters by cationic Pd complexes Article 08 JAN 25 Lund University, Faculty of Medicine, Lund University was founded in 1666 and is repeatedly ranked among the worlds top universities. The Universi... Lund Stad, Skåne SE Lund University The research will be conducted in the Physics Division in close collaboration with world leading CMOS design engineers and scientist locally and wi... Stockholm Kommun SE KTH Royal Institute of Technology Applications are invited for additional Schaller Research Group Leaders in the field of Neuroscience Heidenheim, Baden-Württemberg DE The Chica and Heinz Schaller Foundation Applications are invited for additional Schaller Research Group Leaders in the field of infectious diseases Heidelberg, Baden-Württemberg DE Chica and Heinz Schaller Foundation New Brunswick, New Jersey Rutgers Cancer Institute of New Jersey CINJ, RU Read the paper Total synthesis of 25 picrotoxanes by virtual library selection Large language models direct automated chemistry laboratory Machine learning made easy for optimizing chemical reactions An essential round-up of science news, opinion and analysis, delivered to your inbox every weekday. Sign up for the Nature Briefing newsletter  what matters in science, free to your inbox daily. Nature Nature ISSN 1476-4687 online ISSN 0028-0836 print  2025 Springer Nature Limited

You are using a browser version with limited support for CSS. To obtain the best experience, we recommend you use a more up to date browser or turn off compatibility mode in Internet Explorer. In the meantime, to ensure continued support, we are displaying the site without styles and JavaScript. Error Sorry you have not been subscribed to Journal. Manage your account

An essential round-up of science news, opinion and analysis, free in your inbox every weekday. Flora Graham, Editor of Nature Briefing The best from Natures journalists and other publications worldwide, handpicked and summarized by Nature editors. A rational perspective from the most trusted name in science. Always balanced and never oversimplified, Nature Briefing is crafted with the scientific community in mind. Jihane Homman-Ludiye, neuroscientist, Australian Regenerative Medicine Institute, Monash University Tyler Arbour, biogeochemist, Center for Microbial Ecology and Technology, University of Ghent AU Daniels, Prof. Emeritus for Experimental Surgery, University of Basel Faculty of Medicine Read it first see past issues of the Briefing. For any questions, problems or feedback, get in touch with us at briefingnature.com.

Thank you for visiting nature.com. You are using a browser version with limited support for CSS. To obtain the best experience, we recommend you use a more up to date browser or turn off compatibility mode in Internet Explorer. In the meantime, to ensure continued support, we are displaying the site without styles and JavaScript. Advertisement You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar An artificial-intelligence chip. Such chips have powered the rise of generative AI systems.Credit Sergio FloresBloombergGetty Artificial intelligence AI systems with human-level reasoning are unlikely to be achieved through the approach and technology that have dominated the current boom in AI, according to a survey of hundreds of people working in the field. More than three-quarters of respondents said that enlarging current AI systems  an approach that has been hugely successful in enhancing their performance over the past few years  is unlikely to lead to what is known as artificial general intelligence AGI. An even higher proportion said that neural networks, the fundamental technology behind generative AI, alone probably cannot match or surpass human intelligence. And the very pursuit of these capabilities also provokes scepticism less than one-quarter of respondents said that achieving AGI should be the core mission of the AI research community. I dont know if reaching human-level intelligence is the right goal, says Francesca Rossi, an AI researcher at IBM in Yorktown Heights, New York, who spearheaded the survey in her role as president of the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence AAAI in Washington DC. AI should support human growth, learning and improvement, not replace us. The survey results were unveiled in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, on Saturday at the annual meeting of the AAAI. They include responses from more than 475 AAAI members, 67 of them academics. Generative-AI systems, which underlie tools including chatbots and image generators, are based on neural networks, computer systems that learn from vast amounts of data in a way inspired by the human brain. Over the past decade, developers seeking to improve these systems performance have made huge gains by scaling up their size  for example, by increasing the amount of training data and a models number of parameters, the settings that an AI learns to adjust during training. However, 84 of respondents said that neural networks alone are insufficient to achieve AGI. The survey, which is part of an AAAI report on the future of AI research, defines AGI as a system that is capable of matching or exceeding human performance across the full range of cognitive tasks, but researchers havent yet settled on a benchmark for determining when AGI has been achieved. ChatGPT broke the Turing test  the race is on for new ways to assess AI ChatGPT broke the Turing test  the race is on for new ways to assess AI The AAAI report emphasizes that there are many kinds of AI beyond neural networks that deserve to be researched, and calls for more active support of these techniques. These approaches include symbolic AI, sometimes called good old-fashioned AI, which codes logical rules into an AI system rather than emphasizing statistical analysis of reams of training data. More than 60 of respondents felt that human-level reasoning will be reached only by incorporating a large dose of symbolic AI into neural-network-based systems. The neural approach is here to stay, Rossi says, but to evolve in the right way, it needs to be combined with other techniques. The survey reveals concerns about unfettered AGI development. More than 75 of respondents said that pursuing AI systems with an acceptable riskbenefit profile should be a higher priority than achieving AGI only 23 said that AGI should be the top priority. And about 30 of respondents agreed that research and development targeting AGI should be halted until we have a way to fully control these systems, ensuring that they operate safely and for the benefit of humanity. or doi httpsdoi.org10.1038d41586-025-00649-4 Reprints and permissions Bigger AI chatbots more inclined to spew nonsense  and people dont always realize How should we test AI for human-level intelligence? OpenAIs o3 electrifies quest Chinas cheap, open AI model DeepSeek thrills scientists AI now beats humans at basic tasks  new benchmarks are needed, says major report In AI, is bigger always better? How close is AI to human-level intelligence? Train clinical AI to reason like a team of doctors Comment 04 MAR 25 Automated loss of pulse detection on a consumer smartwatch Article 26 FEB 25 World and Human Action Models towards gameplay ideation Article 19 FEB 25 Train clinical AI to reason like a team of doctors Comment 04 MAR 25 Boosting science Give foreign STEM students ten-year visas Career QA 03 MAR 25 China research on next-generation computer chips is double the US output News 03 MAR 25 Three AI-powered steps to faster, smarter peer review Career Column 04 MAR 25 I want to ensure that Africans take part in the AI revolution Career QA 04 MAR 25 Omg, did PubMed go dark? Blackout stokes fears about databases future News 04 MAR 25 Lund University, Faculty of Medicine, Lund University was founded in 1666 and is repeatedly ranked among the worlds top universities. The Universi... Lund Stad, Skåne SE Lund University The research will be conducted in the Physics Division in close collaboration with world leading CMOS design engineers and scientist locally and wi... Stockholm Kommun SE KTH Royal Institute of Technology Applications are invited for additional Schaller Research Group Leaders in the field of Neuroscience Heidenheim, Baden-Württemberg DE The Chica and Heinz Schaller Foundation Applications are invited for additional Schaller Research Group Leaders in the field of infectious diseases Heidelberg, Baden-Württemberg DE Chica and Heinz Schaller Foundation New Brunswick, New Jersey Rutgers Cancer Institute of New Jersey CINJ, RU Bigger AI chatbots more inclined to spew nonsense  and people dont always realize How should we test AI for human-level intelligence? OpenAIs o3 electrifies quest Chinas cheap, open AI model DeepSeek thrills scientists AI now beats humans at basic tasks  new benchmarks are needed, says major report In AI, is bigger always better? How close is AI to human-level intelligence? An essential round-up of science news, opinion and analysis, delivered to your inbox every weekday. Sign up for the Nature Briefing newsletter  what matters in science, free to your inbox daily. Nature Nature ISSN 1476-4687 online ISSN 0028-0836 print  2025 Springer Nature Limited

Nature champions the transformational power of outstanding science and its potential to make positive change in the world. Our Nature Awards drive the goals and values that matter most to us and to you research excellence, integrity and transparency, impact, inclusivity, engagement, sustainability, and the importance of evidence in public life. We recognize, reward, connect and celebrate researchers from all over the world who share our values and chase those goals. Inspiring Women in Science has two missions. It celebrates the awe-inspiring achievements of early career women researchers, and it champions the vital work of projects that encourage girls and young women to engage with STEM subjects and stay in STEM careers around the world. IWIS has been supported by The Estée Lauder Companies ever since its launch in 2018. In partnership with The Estée Lauder Companies Applications Open Standing Up For Science - The John Maddox Prize recognizes researchers who stand up and speak out for science and evidence-based policy, effectively advancing public discussion around difficult topics, despite challenges or hostility, and successfully making a change in public discourse or policy. In partnership with Sense about Science Applications Open The MDx Impact Grants aim to unlock the potential of PCR to democratise access to accurate diagnostic tests that improve patient outcomes, supported by Seegene and Springer Nature. The yearly programme provides researchers with access to Seegenes syndromic PCR technology and development grants of up to 600,000 USD to perform clinical studies. In partnership with Seegene Applications Closed The Microbiome Accelerator is an innovative partnership with Seed Health, designed to support microbiome researchers who want to use a discovery to make a positive impact on human health outcomes. Designed to prepare researchers for the whole of the translation process, the program offers the tools, trainingmentorship, and connections to plan the translation of groundbreaking research into clinical reality. In partnership with Seed Health Applications Opens March 2025 Global Grants for Gut Health is a competitive grant programme for investigator-initiated research into the human gut microbiota, supported by Yakult and Nature Research. The scope of the programme varies each year and considers proposals for one-year research projects that advance understanding of the impact of the gut microbiota on human health. In partnership with Yakult Applications Opens June 2025 Inclusive Health Research champions the importance of working hand-in-hand with patients, communities and health workers in shaping the research that affects their lives. Established in partnership with Takeda, the programme is all about recognizing the inclusive approach and pioneering methods that generate maximum impact and deliver maximum health equity. Year on year, the IHR programme builds a best practice toolkit that anyone can draw on. In partnership with Takeda Applications Closed Women make up less than a third of technology roles in the global workforce together, Sony and Nature will use this award to champion three promising women researchers every year, supporting crucial phases in their research and career development. The programme is designed for outstanding early to mid-career women researchers in technology including science, engineering and mathematics whose work is driving positive impact on society and the planet. In partnership with Nature Applications Opens March 2025 Celebrating outstanding support and mentorship in science since 2005, the Nature Awards for Mentoring in Science recognise those who support early career researchers in their career development. Focused on a different country or region each year, this years award focused on mentors in West Africa as defined by the UN, and invited former mentees to nominate a mentor who made a significant contribution to their careers. Applications Opens 2025 The Spinoff Prize is designed to identify and promote university spinout companies based on outstanding, innovative research. Created with the support of Merck, The Spinoff Prize screens and evaluates their scientific foundations, scrutinizes their business plans and interrogates their founders. Then we actively promote the select few who have impressed our judges the most. In partnership with Merck Applications Opens 2026 Nature believes in sharing the results of research as widely as possible, and that includes reaching the public as well as the research community. Nature Awards and Merck set up the Science in Shorts Challenge to encourage researchers, including you, to have a go at explaining one key aspect of their work in a 1-minute video. The audience is everyone. The goal is to inform, engage, and entertain. The challenge is helping us to build a brilliant public library of shorts for anyone to enjoy. In partnership with Merck Applications Closed Rising Scholars Breast Cancer is a new partnership between Nature Portfolio and The Breast Cancer Research Foundation BCRF it provides training and mentoring for a cohort of cancer researchers from Minority-Serving Institutions MSIs and underrepresented communities from around the world. In partnership with Breast Cancer Research Foundation Applications Closed Nature supports the Eppendorf Award for Young European Investigators. Launched in 1995, the annual award is given to a young scientist who is chosen by an independent scientific panel. The award acknowledges outstanding contributions to biomedical research in Europe. In partnership with Nature Applications Closed The ScientistAtWork photo competition invites Nature readers to share some of their favourite snaps from their working lives. Winners are chosen by a panel of our staff, and will be featured in an issue of Nature, receive a full print and online subscription to the magazine as well as a cash prize. Credit Nan Li Applications Opens March 2025 Nature champions the transformational power of outstanding science and its potential to make positive change in the world.  2024 Springer Nature Limited

