The Asian swing of the LPGA schedule wraps up at this weeks Blue Bay LPGA in China. This years LPGA season seems to be shaping up for a fun one as a clear big three are emerging from the pack as the best in the world Nelly Korda, Jeeno Thitikul and Lydia Ko. Only one of the three will be teeing it up this week Thitikul, who has finished inside the top three in six straight starts. Below are the top 15 odds to win via BetMGM Sportsbook I lost a lot of money last year refusing to bet on Nelly Korda when she was on her dominant run. I refuse to make the same mistake this year, and this week seems like a layup with both Korda and Lydia Ko not competing at the Blue Bay LPGA. Thitikul has finished in the top three in six straight starts, and she now leads the LPGA in total strokes gained by a significant margin. Its rare to see a golfer that possesses both the ball striking skills and elite putting that she does, and I cant wait to see her face off against Korda when the Tour returns to the United States. I have bet on A Lim Kim in every leg of the Asian swing and for good reason. She is one of the best drivers of the golf ball, which is hugely beneficial at these long courses. She leads the field in strokes-gained off the tee heading into this week. While she hasnt won for me yet, she is the only other golfer in the field besides Thitikul who has finished in the top 10 in the first two Asian events. In my opinion, she should be the second favorite on the odds list, but BetMGM has her listed fourth at 14-1. If she can get a few more putts to drop this week, shell be in contention on Sunday once again. The field this week is extremely top-heavy, so Im going to stay away from betting on any long shots and instead sprinkle on a few names in the top 10 on the odds list. My last pick will be Nasa Hataoka, who showed some decent form last week, finishing T14 at last weeks HSBC Womens World Championship. She ranks third on the LPGA in strokes-gained tee to green this season, but just needs to become more consistent on the greens. If she can find something with her putter, she has the ball-striking ability to compete with Thitikul. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem and wants help, call 1-800-GAMBLER. Odds refresh periodically and are subject to change. You can check out all of Iains bets here! Originally from Nova Scotia, Iain MacMillan is a senior editor covering betting, with a focus on NFL, NHL, and golf. He hosts the Bacon Bets Podcast and has been featured on VSIN, BetQL and Monumental Sports Network. He is a member of the Metropolitan Golf Writers Association and his beloved Falcons and Maple Leafs break his heart on a yearly basis. Follow iainmacbets  2025 ABG-SI LLC. - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21 and is based on individual commentators opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.

Deion Sanders is currently preparing for his third year leading Colorado, staying put despite all sorts of rumors that linked him to NFL coaching jobs. The Buffaloes made a big jump last season to post a 9-4 record but theyll have to find a way to make up for the departures of Shedeur Sanders and Travis Hunter, who will be two of the first names off the board at the NFL draft. Sanders is continuing to implement his culture in Boulder, which includes a rule that players are not allowed to wear earrings while in uniform or in team meetings. In a clip from Well Off Media, Sanders confronts someone on his team who tried to find an end-around by wearing Band-Aids over his jewelry. It did not end well for that player assuming that they dont like getting chewed out in front of their teammates. We got one cat out here with Band-Aids over his ears, Sanders said in the clip. What that mean? That means Im gonna wear my earrings, but Im gonna put a Band-Aid over them, because I aint gonna listen to yall because I aint got no discipline. Does that mean that? What that mean? What that mean? That mean you gonna do you right? Forget us. Anybody else out here with earrings in? Anybody else besides one dude? Come out here like that again, please, Sanders added. I promise you youll be on the first thing smoking. You got that? Youll be on the first thing smoking is an excellent phrase. Kudos to Sanders for landing on such active language. Reasonable minds can disagree on the importance of this rule but thats how Colorado does it. Loophole officially closed. feed Kyle Koster is an assistant managing editor at Sports Illustrated covering the intersection of sports and media. He was formerly the editor in chief of The Big Lead, where he worked from 2011 to 24. Koster also did turns at the Chicago Sun-Times, where he created the Sports Prose blog, and at Woven Digital. Follow KyleKoster  2025 ABG-SI LLC. - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21 and is based on individual commentators opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.

Pokémon Go is powering up with the new Might and Mastery season of content, giving players Pokémon with powerful potential and updated mechanics across the board starting in March. As Might and Mastery is a new season for Pokémon Go, that means March will be full of new events, slight updates to existing content, and Pokémon debuts. Headlining the first month of this season is the first appearance of the Mythical Kubfu and a sizable shake up to the Go Battle League. Event Start Time End Time Powerful Potential March 5  10am local time March 10  8pm local time March Community Day March 8  2pm local time March 8  5pm local time Festival of Colors March 13  10am local time March 17  8pm local time Dynamax Raikou Max Battle Weekend March 15 and 16  6am local time March 15 and 16  9pm local time Catch Mastery Archen March 16  10am local time March 16  8pm local time Deep Depths March 19  10am local time March 24  8pm local time March Community Day Classic March 22  2pm local time March 22  5pm local time Raid Day Mega Absol March 23  2pm local time March 23  5pm local time Bug Out March 26  10am local time March 30  8pm local time Fuzzy Buddy Research Day March 29  2pm local time March 29  5pm local time Related Article Pokémon Go Partners with MLB for New Events, Exclusive Items, and More Spotlight Hours are only run on Tuesdays from 6pm to 7pm local time. During these limited-time events, specific Pokémon will spawn more frequently and apply an event bonus to the game, giving you boosts like double XP for evolving or catching Pokémon. Here is a full list of the March 2025 Spotlight Hours, and if a featured Pokémon can be encountered as a Shiny, it will be marked with an asterisk . Date Pokémon Bonus March 4 Makuhita Double Transfer Candy March 11 Roselia Double Evolution XP March 18 Shellder Double Catch Stardust March 25 Cutiefly Double Catch XP Raid Hours tend to match up with the five-star Raid rotation and see specific Legendary Pokémon appearing in Raids more frequently from 6 to 7pm local time every Wednesday. Marchs Raid Hours feature a special trio in two of them. Here is a full list of March 2025s Raid Hours, and if a featured Pokémon can be encountered as a Shiny, it will be marked with an asterisk . Date Pokémon March 5 Articuno, Zapdos, and Moltres March 12 Articuno, Zapdos, and Moltres March 19 Tapu Koko March 26 Heatran Max Mondays is the newest weekly event in Pokémon Go, giving players wider access to a rotation of Pokémon capable of Dynamaxing once per week at Power Spots. These events take place every Monday from 6pm to 7pm local time. Here is a full list of March 2025s Max Monday events, and if a featured Pokémon can be encountered as a Shiny, it will be marked with an asterisk . Date Pokémon March 10 Drilbur March 17 Chansey March 24 Caterpie March 31 Scorbunny Related Article Pokémon Go Black Kyurem and White Kyurem Fusion Guide - How to Get Fusion Energy Five-star Raids, which typically feature Legendary Pokémon, tend to be the only normal Raid type on a set schedule outside of events. If a featured Pokémon can be encountered as a Shiny in a Raid, it will be marked with an asterisk . Date Pokémon March 4 to 13 Articuno, Zapdos, and Moltres March 13 to 22 Tapu Koko March 22 to 31 Heatran These Raid Bosses rotate at 10am on the listed dates. If a featured Pokémon can be encountered as a Shiny in a Mega Raid, it will be marked with an asterisk . Date Pokémon March 4 to 13 Mega Lucario March 13 to 22 Mega Swampert March 22 to 31 Mega Pinsir On Saturdays and Sundays throughout March, Shadow Regice will appear in five-star Shadow Raids. One- and three-star Shadow Raids will also appear daily, with spawns based on a rotating list of Pokémon that changes each season. Max Battles are the main way you can encounter Dynamax and Gigantamax Pokémon. These take place at Power Spots that spawn throughout the overworld, not at Gyms. If a featured Pokémon can be encountered as a Shiny, it will be marked with an asterisk . Date Pokémon March 4 to 10 Gastly, Beldum, Pidove, Darumaka Sobble March 10 to 17 Krabby, Beldum, Drilbur, Darumaka March 17 to 24 Machop, Chansey, Scorbunny, Falinks March 24 to 31 Charmander, Caterpie, Chansey, Pidove The Go Battle League will go through four rotation when it begins its new season as part of Might and Mastery. Along with that rotation, new seasonal rewards themed around the former Galarian Champion who helps you train in Pokémon Sword and Shields The Isle of Armor expansion, Mustard. The Willpower and Scroll Cups are fresh additions to the GBLs side-format lineup. Here is what you can expect from each of those Event Details Willpower Cup Great League Edition Pokémon must be at or below 1,500 CP to enter. And, only Fighting, Psychic, and Dark-type Pokémon are eligible, with Gardevoir being banned. Scroll Cup Great League Edition Pokémon must be at or below 1,500 CP to enter. And, only Water, Fighting, and Dark-type Pokémon are eligible, with Primarina being banned. And finally, Niantic has changed how certain moves work and which Pokémon can learn them. This will heavily shake up certain areas of the GBL meta by giving some Pokémon new tools, taking away moves from existing Pokémon, and buffing or nerfing moves in Trainer battles only. If you want a full, professional breakdown of what these updates mean for the Go Battle Leagues upcoming March meta, analyst JRESeawolf has posted a two-part overview of the biggest changes. feed  2025 ABG-SI LLC. - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21 and is based on individual commentators opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.

Dallas Mavericks guard Kyrie Irving devastatingly tore his ACL during the Mavericks loss to the Sacramento Kings on Monday. The nine-time All-Star was injured during the first quarter and was seen limping and receiving help on the court, but still managed to still take his two free throw attempts before exiting the game. He will now miss the remainder of the season. Irving went on Instagram Live the day after the injury and made it clear that he will be returning, and has no plans to retire even with the injury. I will be back and I will be better. Irving said. I will be back... this is not the end of the story... Dont let anybody ever tell you to give upKyrie Irving on IG Live not even 24 hours after tearing his ACL. pic.twitter.comB5W5bH4vZd This is not the end of the story, Irving continued. Its just the beginning of a new chapter. Irving also expressed his gratitude for all the fans and people that have sent him messages since suffering the injury. Just wanted to hop on here and say thank you to the good energy sent not only my way, but my familys way, Irving said. This one hurts, for sure. It hurts. Its painful to deal with this at this point. Along with many fans, former teammates Kevin Love, LeBron James and Luka Doncic are among the players that have Irving kind messages in the wake of his injury. The 32-year-olds 14th NBA season will now come to an end. Prior to the injury, Irving has averaged 24.7 points, 4.8 rebounds, and 4.6 assists per game this season. feed Eva Geitheim is a contributor to the Breaking and Trending News team at Sports Illustrated. Prior to joining SI in December 2024, she wrote for Newsweek, Gymnastics Now and Dodgers Nation. A Bay Area native, she has a bachelors in communications from UCLA. When not writing, she can be found baking or re-watching Gilmore Girls.  2025 ABG-SI LLC. - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21 and is based on individual commentators opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.

As First Stand approaches, the League of Legends development team is carefully curating Champion performance to make sure viewers can expect varied picks and intense competition. Patch 25.05 will cut down overperformers in the meta, fine-tune previous anti-lane-swapping mechanics and include Hextech Chests long-awaited return. Lets walk through the updates most important nerfs, buffs and adjustments. Patch 25.05 caters toward high-elo and pro play, especially since it is the final update before 2025s First Stand. Several meta high-performers, including Ambessa, Aurora, KSante, and Skarner, are being hit with significant nerfs to improve pick variety and make high-elo matches more enjoyable to participate in and watch. These nerfs extend to runes, as Axiom Arcanist takes a hit after dominating high-level play. Buffs to Sixth Sense and Unflinching encourage creativity and experimentation. Riot Games is also fine-tuning its lane-swapping prevention to ensure the strategy is not viable in early games. Lane swapping can make early-game matchups incredibly unfun, and severe repercussions will make sure lane 1v1s are skill-based and teammates must coordinate ganks as Riot Games intended. Here are the main winners and losers from this Patch The Patch 25.05 buff list is definitely shorter than its nerf list, and Aphelios and Dr Mundos Base Stat increases are small. However, Seraphine and Zed will receive some slight damage-focused increases, which are always nice to have. Patch 25.05 includes a massive string of nerfs, mostly to deal with Champions overperforming in the meta. Ambessa, KSante, and Skarners reigns of terror will end, and Ashe and Elise get fine-tuned after recent buffs slightly overshot. Additional champions, including Aurora, will also take a hit. ChoGaths kit is being comprehensively nerfed to target his mid-lane strength, but his top-lane performance should remain mostly unaffected. Yoricks Jungle clear speed is being targeted. Poppy is being powered-up in Jungle, but her Support potential is taking a hit. Riot Games aims to make her more level reliant. Axiom Arcanist is receiving a major nerf to cut down on its dominance. Riot Games previously implemented anti-lane-swapping changes, which were partially effective but also resulted in griefing and incorrect detection. As the studio strengthens these mechanics, they are implementing some very strong and targeted early game penalties for playing out nontraditional lane assignments. To avoid confusion, these changes will not affect teams without junglers. They will also alter higher-level play while leaving most Ranked players relatively unaffected. Riot Games new system operates as follows Atakhans form spawn rates now rely more on early game plays Last but not least, Hextech Chests are back by popular request in Patch 25.05. After months of community protest, including petitions, content creator commentary, signs at esports events and even calls for boycotts, Riot Games is returning this free avenue to Champion unlocks and rewards. However, there will still be changes from Hextech Chests previous iterations. Heres Riot Games list of upcoming reward changes across the next few Patches For more information on Hextech Chests return, check out our related article below. For more detailed 25.05 Patch Notes, including bug fixes, check Riot Games official post here. feed  2025 ABG-SI LLC. - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21 and is based on individual commentators opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.

Texas AM isnt done just yet. The Aggies, after going on a four-game losing skid in the SEC, stunned No. 1 Auburn on Tuesday night in College Station. No. 22 Texas AM led the entire way en route to the 83-72 win at Reed Arena. It marked the Aggies first ever win against a top-ranked opponent. It was also Auburns first loss in almost a full month and just the Tigers third of the season. The Aggies looked like they were done in recent weeks. They entered the contest on a four-game losing streak, which included blowout losses to then-No. 21 Mississippi State and then-No. 3 Florida. That sent them plummeting in both the national rankings and the SEC standings ahead of the final week of the regular season. You wouldnt have known on Tuesday, however. The Aggies took the lead from the jump and never looked back while grabbing the 11-point win. Zhuric Phelps led the way with 19 points off the bench, and Wade Taylor IV added 16 points. Andersson Garcia finished with 11 points and 11 rebounds, too. The Aggies dominated on the glass and out-rebounded Auburn by 16. They had 24 offensive rebounds, too, and 29 second-chance points. Tahaad Pettiford led the Tigers with 19 points after shooting 6-of-10 from behind the arc. Chad Baker-Mazara added 15 points, and Miles Kelly finished with 12 points. They were the only three players to hit double figures for Auburn. Johni Broome, who is a legitimate contender for Player of the Year with Duke star Cooper Flagg, was held to just eight points and seven rebounds. While the loss isnt great for Bruce Pearl and the Tigers, they are still in an incredible spot heading into their regular-season finale Saturday. Theyve already wrapped up the the SEC title, and they are on track to earn a No. 1 seed in the NCAA tournament almost regardless of what happens the rest of the way. They have 16 Quad 1 wins on the season, too, six more than the next closest teams in the country. But if they cant bounce back and handle Alabama in a rivalry rematch Saturday afternoon at home, things could get interesting in the SEC tournament at Bridgestone Arena. Suddenly, after weeks and weeks of proving otherwise, Auburn would look legitimately beatable. But for Texas AM, the Aggies picked up a huge win when they needed it the most. If there was ever a way to turn their season around in the final week, this was it.

Roma are seeking an experienced name to lead the team starting from next season.With Claudio Ranieri set to leave his post as head coach of the club, Roma have yet to decide on his successor.According... Celtic right-back Alistair Johnston has emerged as a shock transfer target for Serie A leaders Inter Milan. Liverpool are reportedly considering making an approach for the potential transfer of AC Milan star and Chelsea target Rafael Leao this summer.The Portugal international has been a star performer for ...

