Gené Teare is Crunchbase News senior data editor. She conducts strategic research to explore and report on trends within private company data and focuses in particular on global venture funding trends, artificial intelligence, fintech and gender equity in venture and tech. Along with her reporting and analysis, she is a frequent speaker and moderator on these topics. Discover and act on private market opportunities with predictive company intelligence. Editorial Partners Verizon Media Tech About Crunchbase News Crunchbase News Data Methodology Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookie Settings Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Info CA Privacy Notice Company Careers Partners Blog Contact Us Crunchbase Pro Crunchbase Enterprise Crunchbase for Applications Customer Stories Pricing Featured Searches And Lists Knowledge Center Create A Profile Sales Intelligence Sales Prospecting Guide Sales Prospecting Tools  2025 Crunchbase Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Venture and growth investors invested 90 billion in European startups in 2022  marking a 25 decline from Europes 2021 funding peak of 119 billion. Much of the slowdown was concentrated in the second half of 2022, according to an analysis of Crunchbase data. And over this past year, late-stage funding took the biggest hit, having grown more than threefold year over year in 2021. Grow your revenue with all-in-one prospecting solutions powered by the leader in private-company data. Despite the decline in funding, 2022 is still significantly higher than annual funding in prior years, with 2022 close to double the 46 billion in funding raised in 2020. It appears that Europe has weathered the downturn better than other regions. Venture funding did not fall as sharply as North America or Asia in 2022  markets which each declined between 36 and 39, respectively, year over year. Europe has grown from a smaller foothold over the past decade compared to these leading regions  and gained a greater share of funding in the past two years, as it shot up in 2021 and did not pull back as sharply in 2022. This increase as a proportion of global funding, however, might not hold up in 2023. Europe in general has lagged behind the U.S., said Hussein Kanji from Hoxton Ventures. Theres a realistic chance that the slowdown might not really trigger fully in Europe until Q1 2023, he said, noting that Europe fluctuates more with the markets. When times are good it goes up higher than expected, and I suspect when times are low it will go lower than expected. So how does the slowdown in European venture funding look when broken down on a quarter-by-quarter basis during 2022? Funding for the fourth quarter was close to flat quarter over quarter and down 46 year over year. Again, Europe did not scale back as much as other leading regions, which declined from 58 to 63 this past quarter for the same time period. The biggest cutback year over year for the fourth quarter was at early-stage funding in European startups  from 10 billion in Q4 2021 to 5 billion this past quarter. The dramatic drop at early stage is a signal that investors are adopting a wait-and-see approach to this market. According to Kanji, There isnt very much in the way of Series B, Series C, D right now in Europe. Its really slowed down. He acknowledged that investors seem to be oriented toward earlier fundings at seed. The slowdown at seed-stage funding is also deepening, but less than the other funding stages. Seed declined by 37 year over year in the fourth quarter, totaling 1.8 billion. The fourth quarter of 2021 was around 3 billion for seed fundings. Late-stage funding was flat quarter over quarter, having already dropped in the third quarter. Late-stage funding was down 45 year over year for the fourth quarter, reaching 9.4 billion compared to 17 billion in Q4 2021. Whether the gains that Europe has made over the past two years will hold will be interesting to watch in 2023. Late-stage funding grew threefold year over year in 2021. As global growth investors step back from investing, it is likely to continue to scale back in 2023. The venture community in Europe has raised more funding in recent years, primarily focused on early-stage funding. The influx of U.S. venture capital in the market  whilst they are here to stay  have the majority of their portfolio in the U.S. market, which could take some attention away from Europe in the shorter term. Whether the slowdown in Europe is lagging behind other leading markets and will show larger declines or is on a new footing will be interesting to watch in the volatile markets of 2023. The data contained in this report comes directly from Crunchbase, and is based on reported data. Data reported is as of Jan. 4, 2023. Note that data lags are most pronounced at the earliest stages of venture activity, with seed funding amounts increasing significantly after the end of a quarteryear. The most recent quarteryear will increase over time relative to previous quarters. For funding counts, we notice a strong data lag, especially at the seed and early stages, by as much as 30 percent to 40 percent a year out. Please note that all funding values are given in U.S. dollars unless otherwise noted. Crunchbase converts foreign currencies to U.S. dollars at the prevailing spot rate from the date funding rounds, acquisitions, IPOs and other financial events are reported. Even if those events were added to Crunchbase long after the event was announced, foreign currency transactions are converted at the historic spot price. Seed and angel consists of seed, pre-seed and angel rounds. Crunchbase also includes venture rounds of unknown series, equity crowdfunding and convertible notes at 3 million USD or as-converted USD equivalent or less. Early-stage consists of Series A and Series B rounds, as well as other round types. Crunchbase includes venture rounds of unknown series, corporate venture and other rounds above 3 million, and those less than or equal to 15 million. Late-stage consists of Series C, Series D, Series E and later-lettered venture rounds following the Series Letter naming convention. Also included are venture rounds of unknown series, corporate venture and other rounds above 15 million. Technology growth is a private-equity round raised by a company that has previously raised a venture round. So basically, any round from the previously defined stages. Illustration Dom Guzman Stay up to date with recent funding rounds, acquisitions, and more with the Crunchbase Daily. Artificial intelligence and defense were the key buzz words of the week in the venture world. Three startups in those sectors raised massive rounds... At least seven U.S. venture-backed private companies last reported valuations at over 45 billion. Several are also reportedly on the verge of new... Quite a few players in the global economy are instantly affected by exchange-rate fluctuations. Unfortunately, its also something over which they... Discover and act on private market opportunities with predictive company intelligence. Editorial Partners Verizon Media Tech About Crunchbase News Crunchbase News Data Methodology Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookie Settings Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Info CA Privacy Notice Company Careers Partners Blog Contact Us Crunchbase Pro Crunchbase Enterprise Crunchbase for Applications Customer Stories Pricing Featured Searches And Lists Knowledge Center Create A Profile Sales Intelligence Sales Prospecting Guide Sales Prospecting Tools  2025 Crunchbase Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Joanna Glasner is a contributing business and technology columnist for Crunchbase News covering startup and venture capital trends. She was previously a reporter for Wired and Reuters. Discover and act on private market opportunities with predictive company intelligence. Editorial Partners Verizon Media Tech About Crunchbase News Crunchbase News Data Methodology Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookie Settings Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Info CA Privacy Notice Company Careers Partners Blog Contact Us Crunchbase Pro Crunchbase Enterprise Crunchbase for Applications Customer Stories Pricing Featured Searches And Lists Knowledge Center Create A Profile Sales Intelligence Sales Prospecting Guide Sales Prospecting Tools  2025 Crunchbase Inc. All Rights Reserved.

U.S. tech layoffs appeared to surge this week, with reports of more than 6,000 jobs on the chopping block. Phoenix-based Onsemi Intelligent Technology led with a reported 2,400 workers facing job cuts, which works out to about 9 of its workforce. Other larger cuts came from San Francisco-based design software maker Autodesk, which is also reportedly cutting about 9 of its workforce, or 1,350 jobs, and Palo Alto-based personal computer maker HP, which said it will lay off up to 2,000 additional workers as part of a restructuring plan announced in 2022 that affected about 6,000 of its staff. Since this is a global cut, its unclear exactly how many U.S. workers at the 86-year-old company are affected. Cybersecurity provider Skybox Security reported it has laid off all 300 of its employees, with 200 of those workers belonging to its U.S. workforce. Based in Israel, the company is in the final stages of liquidating, selling its tech and business to Bostons Tufin. It had previously raised nearly 335 million from investors, per Crunchbase. The healthcare sector is also losing another company via a total closure HerMD, a provider of comprehensive health, beauty and wellness services for women, said its calling it quits. According to a report, the Cincinnati-based startup cited ongoing challenges in health care as the reason for its shutdown and will close its doors on March 21. The startup had raised 28.2 million from investors, according to Crunchbase. The following companies were added to the tracker this week Layoffs during the week ended Feb. 28, 2025 At least 6,071 U.S. tech sector employees were laid off or scheduled for layoffs, per a Crunchbase News tally. In 2024 At least 95,667 workers at U.S.-based tech companies lost their jobs in 2024, according to a Crunchbase News tally. In 2023 More than 191,000 workers in U.S.-based tech companies or tech companies with a large U.S. workforce were laid off in mass job cuts. In 2022 More than 93,000 jobs were slashed from public and private tech companies in the U.S. This tracker includes layoffs conducted by U.S.-based companies or those with a strong U.S. presence and is updated at least weekly. Weve included both startups and publicly traded, tech-heavy companies. Weve also included companies based elsewhere that have a sizable team in the United States, such as Klarna, even when its unclear how much of the U.S. workforce has been affected by layoffs. Layoff and workforce figures are best estimates based on reporting. We source the layoffs from media reports, our own reporting, social media posts and layoffs.fyi, a crowdsourced database of tech layoffs. We recently updated our layoffs tracker to reflect the most recent round of layoffs each company has conducted. This allows us to quickly and more accurately track layoff trends, which is why you might notice some changes in our most recent numbers. If an employee headcount cannot be confirmed to our standards, we note it as unclear. A layoff can be either a permanent termination of someones employment  usually for cost-saving reasons  or a temporary one because theres not enough work to justify a full workforce. Tech company layoffs generally fall into the permanent category. A mass layoff is when a significant number of a companys employees are cut in a short period of time, often as a result of economic conditions. Tech layoffs started to surge in 2022 and continued in 2023 and 2024. Companies have given various reasons for conducting layoffs. Some companies  especially those in the e-commerce sector  nearly doubled their employee headcount to meet consumer demand during the COVID-19 pandemics stay-at-home mandates, and later found that they were overstaffed as daily life returned to normal. Large tech employers such as Salesforce and Google parent Alphabet noted that their post-pandemic layoffs followed several years of rapid hiring fueled by fast growth  between 2019 and 2022, some companies nearly doubled their employee headcount. Some large tech companies also cited slowing sales and fears of a recession as reasons for downsizing. Venture-backed startups, meanwhile, also cut jobs as a way to cut costs and preserve their cash reserves, as venture funding fell significantly after the peak in 2021. Some startups that ran out of cash and couldnt raise new funding found themselves filing for bankruptcy or shutting down. Intel Corp. laid off the largest number of people among U.S. tech employers in 2024, by our count. The semiconductor giant laid off more than 15,000 employees last year. It was followed closely by electric-car maker Tesla, which cut more than 14,000 roles, and networking company Cisco, with more than 10,000 total roles cut. In 2023, Amazon layoffs led the numbers with 16,000 roles cut. Layoffs at Alphabet, the parent company of Google, totaled about 12,000, and Microsofts layoffs totaled about 10,000 workers in 2023, as did Facebook parent Metas layoffs. Many venture-backed tech startups have also done layoffs as venture capital investment has fallen sharply since the peak in 2021, and falling startup valuations factor into their decisions to conduct layoffs. Yes, more layoffs are likely coming. While there are signs that the volume of layoffs is tapering, experts we talked to expect job cuts in the tech sector to continue for the foreseeable future as large tech companies and startups continue to battle economic headwinds. Seed and early-stage startups in particular may continue to conduct layoffs in an attempt to extend their cash runways in a difficult venture funding environment. Tech layoffs noticeably increased at the start of 2022, ramped up in 2023, and have continued in 2024. Signs that may indicate a company is more likely to conduct layoffs include Layoffs declined in 2024 compared to the previous year, but are expected to continue into 2025, although likely not at the level seen in 2023. Startups that need to preserve cash to extend their runways are more likely to conduct layoffs. Tech layoffs will likely slow when venture capital funding increases and the startup economy stabilizes, as well as when market conditions improve and more startups gain liquidity via IPOs. Startups that raised capital during the venture funding heyday at inflated valuations in 2021 are more likely to need to conduct layoffs if theyre not able to sustain their previous valuations or growth projections. Tech layoffs started surging in the 2022 market correction, with an estimated 93,000 U.S. tech workers laid off that year. That figure more than doubled in 2023, with around 200,000 U.S. tech employees laid off, according to our Tech Layoffs Tracker. Layoffs abated again in 2024, with around 95,000 reported tech layoffs. Keep in mind, many companies dont report detailed layoffs figures, and some companies continue hiring after cuts for positions deemed more beneficial to the business. No, according to experts in the sector, who say a sale is unlikely to solve a tech companys cash-flow issues. This is especially true as fewer startup MA deals are happening in the current downturn. Tech layoffs have hit across departments at many companies. Many layoffs from the large tech giants were software engineers. Startups tend to be more likely to retain engineers in favor of doing layoffs in their talent and recruiting, marketing and other departments. Google cut roles in its sales, recruiting, product and engineering teams. Amazon layoffs included jobs in its AWS cloud unit, at its social video platform Twitch, and in its advertising department. Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg said the companys recruiting department would be the first to see job cuts. Follow all of our tech layoffs news here and track which companies are cutting jobs with the layoffs tracker above. While not daily, this Crunchbase Tech Layoffs Tracker is updated weekly, if not more frequently, with the latest job cuts at U.S. tech employers. Many tech companies continue to hire for open roles, despite layoffs in the sector. Find out more about Crunchbases Actively Hiring filter and how you can find companies with multiple open roles. Crunchbase News also highlights recently funded startups that are actively hiring in our weekly Whos Hiring feature. You can find all of our job market-related news here. Yes. Please cite Crunchbase News and include a link to this Tech Layoffs Tracker. Discover and act on private market opportunities with predictive company intelligence. Editorial Partners Verizon Media Tech About Crunchbase News Crunchbase News Data Methodology Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookie Settings Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Info CA Privacy Notice Company Careers Partners Blog Contact Us Crunchbase Pro Crunchbase Enterprise Crunchbase for Applications Customer Stories Pricing Featured Searches And Lists Knowledge Center Create A Profile Sales Intelligence Sales Prospecting Guide Sales Prospecting Tools  2025 Crunchbase Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Global startup funding picked up in the second quarter, reaching 79 billion  rising 16 quarter over quarter and 12 from the 71 billion invested in Q2 2023. Mega-rounds  fundings 100 million and above  accounted for much of the increase this past quarter. Funding to companies in AI more than doubled quarter over quarter to 24 billion  representing 30 of all dollars invested, the largest quarter for AI funding in recent years. And there are signs that larger MA deals increased in Q2, providing much-needed liquidity to venture capital markets. Crunchbase data shows we are eight to nine quarters into the current funding decline. While this past quarter was amongst the highest for funding since Q1 2023, it is not necessarily a signal of a venture market comeback. Since 2023, funding has fluctuated quarter by quarter based on an increase in large growth rounds to pre-IPO companies and to companies in the AI sector. This past quarter is no exception. AI was the leading sector for the first time since the launch of OpenAIs ChatGPT, based on an analysis of Crunchbase data. Q2s total of 24 billion was the largest amount raised in a quarter in the AI sector in recent years, despite investor concerns about revenue and high valuations. Five out of six billion-dollar funding rounds went to AI companies. Elon Musks xAI raised 6 billion, and AI infrastructure provider CoreWeave raised 1.1 billion. Automated driving company Wayve, data preparation company Scale AI and AI biotech company Xaira Therapeutics each raised billion-dollar rounds. Outside of AI, cybersecurity company Wiz raised a billion-dollar round. Healthcare and biotech was the second-largest sector, raising 17 billion. Hardware companies  in large part due to AI infrastructure and semiconductor fundings  raised 11 billion. Financial services companies, typically in the top two sectors in the peak market of 2021, raised 9.8 billion. Despite the uptick in the last quarter, funding for the first half of this year did not increase. Global funding reached 147 billion in H1, marking a 5 decline year over year, down from the 154 billion invested in H1 2023. And funding was flat compared to the second half of 2023. Late-stage funding reached 36 billion, up from 33 billion in the second quarter of 2023. Large fundings went to AI foundation model and AI infrastructure companies, autonomous driving, electric vehicles, cybersecurity, drug development and quantum computing companies. Early-stage funding was up in Q2, in large part due to the funding to xAI. Outside of the xAI financing, funding was in line quarter over quarter and year over year. Large early-stage rounds also went to biotech, lending, AI and renewable energy companies. Seed funding was the most robust through the downturn. It has remained stable over the last five quarters, with around 8 billion invested at seed per quarter. Seed has come down by around a third from the peak quarters, dropping far less in this slower funding environment than early and late-stage funding amounts. Through the downturn, based on an analysis of Crunchbase data, companies are staying at the seed stage for longer, while the bar to raise Series A funding has gone up. Notable large deals on the software MA front this past quarter include security company CyberArks bid for identity management company Venafi for 1.5 billion. Intelligence platform AlphaSense has plans to acquire competitor Tegus for 930 million. And RunAI, a company that improves GPU performance, is to be acquired by Nvidia for 700 million. Despite the pickup in venture in Q2 2024 and increased funding to AI, the overall market outlook has not shifted. Concerns about revenue growth, a challenging environment for startups raising funding, a higher bar at each stage and a slower exit environment continue to impact venture capital allocation. In the meantime, signs of a more active MA market would address some of the uncertainty about venture returns. The data contained in this report comes directly from Crunchbase, and is based on reported data. Data reported is as of July 7, 2024. Note that data lags are most pronounced at the earliest stages of venture activity, with seed funding amounts increasing significantly after the end of a quarteryear. Please note that all funding values are given in U.S. dollars unless otherwise noted. Crunchbase converts foreign currencies to U.S. dollars at the prevailing spot rate from the date funding rounds, acquisitions, IPOs and other financial events are reported. Even if those events were added to Crunchbase long after the event was announced, foreign currency transactions are converted at the historic spot price. We have made a change to how we include corporate funding rounds in our reporting as of January 2023. Corporate rounds are only included if a company has raised an equity funding at seed through a venture series funding round. Seed and angel consists of seed, pre-seed and angel rounds. Crunchbase also includes venture rounds of unknown series, equity crowdfunding and convertible notes at 3 million USD or as-converted USD equivalent or less. Early-stage consists of Series A and Series B rounds, as well as other round types. Crunchbase includes venture rounds of unknown series, corporate venture and other rounds above 3 million, and those less than or equal to 15 million. Late-stage consists of Series C, Series D, Series E and later-lettered venture rounds following the Series Letter naming convention. Also included are venture rounds of unknown series, corporate venture and other rounds above 15 million. Technology growth is a private-equity round raised by a company that has previously raised a venture round. So basically, any round from the previously defined stages. Illustration Dom Guzman Stay up to date with recent funding rounds, acquisitions, and more with the Crunchbase Daily. Artificial intelligence and defense were the key buzz words of the week in the venture world. Three startups in those sectors raised massive rounds... At least seven U.S. venture-backed private companies last reported valuations at over 45 billion. Several are also reportedly on the verge of new... Quite a few players in the global economy are instantly affected by exchange-rate fluctuations. Unfortunately, its also something over which they... Discover and act on private market opportunities with predictive company intelligence. Editorial Partners Verizon Media Tech About Crunchbase News Crunchbase News Data Methodology Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookie Settings Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Info CA Privacy Notice Company Careers Partners Blog Contact Us Crunchbase Pro Crunchbase Enterprise Crunchbase for Applications Customer Stories Pricing Featured Searches And Lists Knowledge Center Create A Profile Sales Intelligence Sales Prospecting Guide Sales Prospecting Tools  2025 Crunchbase Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Startup Grind hosts events in over 500 cities and 120 countries around the world, and our flagship Conference every April in Silicon Valley. At the local level, our chapters bring together their communities of early-stage startup teams, founders, creators, and tech enthusiasts every month for impactful networking, education, and inspiration. All of our speakers generously donate their time to educate and give back to this community. We appreciate you being here and are happy to learn more about you! A Startup Grind event isnt an opportunity to pitch or promote your company, rather an opportunity to educate and connect with the worlds largest community of founders and startup teams as they navigate the challenges of building a company. All Startup Grind events are recorded with full audio and many with video for repurposing on our local and global YouTube channels. You may use this collatoral for promotion and media on your own though Startup Grind reserves all rights to the content for commercial purposes. Who would you like to nominate Speakers Email Adress Linked URL Speakers company name Is the speakers company funded or bootstrapped Calgary Durham Region Kelowna Montreal Richmond, BC Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Albuquerque Atlanta Atlantic City Austin Baltimore Baton Rouge Boston Bryan-College Station Capital Region Carlsbad Chandler Charleston Charlotte Chicago Cincinnati Cleveland Colorado Springs Columbus Dallas Denver Detroit East Los Angeles Fort Worth Fremont Frisco Ft. Lauderdale Grand Rapids Green Bay Harvard Houston Irvine Kansas City Lansing Las Vegas Louisville Manhattan Beach Marquette Maryland Memphis Miami Milwaukee Minneapolis Nashville New Orleans New York City Oklahoma City Orlando Philadelphia Phoenix Pittsburgh Princeton Richmond Rochester Sacramento Salt Lake City San Diego San Jose Seattle Bay Area Cape Coral Saint Louis Palo Alto Tampa Traverse City Trenton Tulsa Washington West Los Angeles Wichita Winston-Salem Arequipa Asunción Barranquilla Belo Horizonte Bogota Buenos Aires Caracas Chihuahua Cochabamba Florianópolis Guadalajara Guatemala City Guayaquil Jeremie Joinville La Paz Lima Medellin Merida Mexico City Monterrey Mossoró Presidente Prudente Punta del Este Santiago de Querétaro Quito Sao Jose Do Rio Preto San José San Juan San Pedro Sula Santiago Santo Domingo São Paulo Trujillo Santo Domingo Aberdeen Ankara Athens Baku Barcelona Potenza Batumi Berlin Bratislava Brighton Brussels Bucharest Budapest Catanzaro Naples Campobasso Caserta Chisinau Copenhagen Nicosia Istanbul Dublin Edinburgh Les Escaldes Frankfurt A Coruña Ganja Gibraltar Glasgow Gothenburg Halmstad Hamburg Helsinki Ibiza Tbilisi Isle of Man Istanbul Košice Krakow Kyiv Leeds Limerick Lisbon Liverpool Ljubljana London Lugano Luxembourg Madrid Malaga Manchester Mataró Milan Mingachevir Minsk Podgorica Russia Nantes Newcastle upon Tyne Paris Pisa Porto Bari Rhein-Neckar Rome Rotterdam Palermo Southampton Stockholm Taranto Tbilisi Tirana Perugia  Foligno Valencia Veneto Vilnius Warsaw Yerevan Zurich Abu Dhabi Amman Baghdad Cairo Dubai Gaza Muscat Jeddah Jerusalem Kabul Kuwait City Mecca Manama Muscat Doha Riyadh Sohar Ramat Gan Tabuk Tel Aviv Abeokuta Abuja Accra Addis Ababa Agadir Anambra Asaba Asmara Banjul Benin City Cape Town Cotonou Dakar Dakhla Dar es Salaam Dodoma Durban East London Eldoret Enugu Giza Goma Ibadan Ife Ilorin Jalingo Johannesburg Jos Juba Nairobi Kampala Kampala Khartoum Kigali Kimberley Lagos Lome Mahikeng Mansoura Manzini Maseru Mbabane Monrovia Mthatha Nairobi New Cairo City Okpanam Owerri Polokwane Portsaid Pretoria Rustenburg Shebeen El-Kom Sousse Tripoli Tunis Yamoussoukro Abbottabad Almaty Amaravati Auckland Bali Bangalore Bangkok Bannu Bhubaneswar Brisbane Cebu Chandigarh Chittagong Coimbatore Colombo New Delhi Dhaka Dongguan Faisalabad Fukuoka Gold Coast Gujrat Hanoi Hong Kong Hyderabad Hyderabad Indore Islamabad Jaipur Jakarta Jammu City Jamshedpur Kanyakumari Karachi Kashmir Khulna Bhubaneswar Kochi Kuala Lumpur Lahore Layyah Lucknow Madurai Manila Melbourne Multan Mumbai Nagoya Nasik Okara Penang Peshawar Phnom Penh Pune Raipur Rajkot Rawalpindi Sahiwal Seoul Sialkot Singapore Delhi Surabaya Sydney Taipei Tashkent Tokyo Ulaanbaatar Wah Cantt Wellington Beijing Chengdu Guangzhou Nanning Shanghai Shenzhen Which city does the speaker call home Calgary Durham Region Kelowna Montreal Richmond, BC Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Albuquerque Atlanta Atlantic City Austin Baltimore Baton Rouge Boston Bryan-College Station Capital Region Carlsbad Chandler Charleston Charlotte Chicago Cincinnati Cleveland Colorado Springs Columbus Dallas Denver Detroit East Los Angeles Fort Worth Fremont Frisco Ft. Lauderdale Grand Rapids Green Bay Harvard Houston Irvine Kansas City Lansing Las Vegas Louisville Manhattan Beach Marquette Maryland Memphis Miami Milwaukee Minneapolis Nashville New Orleans New York City Oklahoma City Orlando Philadelphia Phoenix Pittsburgh Princeton Richmond Rochester Sacramento Salt Lake City San Diego San Jose Seattle Bay Area Cape Coral Saint Louis Palo Alto Tampa Traverse City Trenton Tulsa Washington West Los Angeles Wichita Winston-Salem Arequipa Asunción Barranquilla Belo Horizonte Bogota Buenos Aires Caracas Chihuahua Cochabamba Florianópolis Guadalajara Guatemala City Guayaquil Jeremie Joinville La Paz Lima Medellin Merida Mexico City Monterrey Mossoró Presidente Prudente Punta del Este Santiago de Querétaro Quito Sao Jose Do Rio Preto San José San Juan San Pedro Sula Santiago Santo Domingo São Paulo Trujillo Santo Domingo Aberdeen Ankara Athens Baku Barcelona Potenza Batumi Berlin Bratislava Brighton Brussels Bucharest Budapest Catanzaro Naples Campobasso Caserta Chisinau Copenhagen Nicosia Istanbul Dublin Edinburgh Les Escaldes Frankfurt A Coruña Ganja Gibraltar Glasgow Gothenburg Halmstad Hamburg Helsinki Ibiza Tbilisi Isle of Man Istanbul Košice Krakow Kyiv Leeds Limerick Lisbon Liverpool Ljubljana London Lugano Luxembourg Madrid Malaga Manchester Mataró Milan Mingachevir Minsk Podgorica Russia Nantes Newcastle upon Tyne Paris Pisa Porto Bari Rhein-Neckar Rome Rotterdam Palermo Southampton Stockholm Taranto Tbilisi Tirana Perugia  Foligno Valencia Veneto Vilnius Warsaw Yerevan Zurich Abu Dhabi Amman Baghdad Cairo Dubai Gaza Muscat Jeddah Jerusalem Kabul Kuwait City Mecca Manama Muscat Doha Riyadh Sohar Ramat Gan Tabuk Tel Aviv Abeokuta Abuja Accra Addis Ababa Agadir Anambra Asaba Asmara Banjul Benin City Cape Town Cotonou Dakar Dakhla Dar es Salaam Dodoma Durban East London Eldoret Enugu Giza Goma Ibadan Ife Ilorin Jalingo Johannesburg Jos Juba Nairobi Kampala Kampala Khartoum Kigali Kimberley Lagos Lome Mahikeng Mansoura Manzini Maseru Mbabane Monrovia Mthatha Nairobi New Cairo City Okpanam Owerri Polokwane Portsaid Pretoria Rustenburg Shebeen El-Kom Sousse Tripoli Tunis Yamoussoukro Abbottabad Almaty Amaravati Auckland Bali Bangalore Bangkok Bannu Bhubaneswar Brisbane Cebu Chandigarh Chittagong Coimbatore Colombo New Delhi Dhaka Dongguan Faisalabad Fukuoka Gold Coast Gujrat Hanoi Hong Kong Hyderabad Hyderabad Indore Islamabad Jaipur Jakarta Jammu City Jamshedpur Kanyakumari Karachi Kashmir Khulna Bhubaneswar Kochi Kuala Lumpur Lahore Layyah Lucknow Madurai Manila Melbourne Multan Mumbai Nagoya Nasik Okara Penang Peshawar Phnom Penh Pune Raipur Rajkot Rawalpindi Sahiwal Seoul Sialkot Singapore Delhi Surabaya Sydney Taipei Tashkent Tokyo Ulaanbaatar Wah Cantt Wellington Beijing Chengdu Guangzhou Nanning Shanghai Shenzhen Which chapters are you able to speak at Please enter your name whether suggesting yourself or someone else Email we can contact you on Why should the speaker be chosen

Startup Grind, both the company and the people we represent -- our employees, startups, Chapter Directors, sponsors, speakers, attendees -- must hold themselves to the highest standards as members of the Startup Grind community. We recognize that each of us is an ambassador for Startup Grind and reflects the organization and its values in our actions. As part of the Startup Grind global community, we must act justly and respectfully at all times. Those who do not abide by this Code of Conduct may be removed from the Startup Grind community andor organization. The Startup Grind Code of Conduct revolves around our three key values Integrity. Startup Grind employees are expected to act and perform their duties ethically and honestly and with the utmost integrity. We strive to be transparent in all of our communications. Our reputation as a company that our community can trust is our most valuable asset, and it is up to all of us to make sure that we continually earn that trust. Privacy Policy. Our community trusts us with their personal information, and, in turn, we use all of the appropriate measures at our disposal to secure it. We respect requests for privacy and confidentiality. You can read more about our privacy policy here. Anti-discrimination. We strictly prohibit unlawful discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, color, religion, veteran status, national origin, ancestry, pregnancy status, sex, gender identity or expression, age, marital status, mental or physical disability, medical condition, sexual orientation, or any other characteristics protected by law. We will take disciplinary action for any employee or community member who violates this Code of Conduct. Anti-Racism. We have a zero tolerance policy for racism, and perpetuating or endorsing racism are grounds for immediate dismissal. Anyone found not standing up against racism may also be found to be in violation of the code of conduct in certain circumstances. Stand up and speak up. Harassment, Discrimination, Bullying. Startup Grind prohibits discrimination, harassment and bullying in any form  verbal, physical, or visual. If you believe youve been bullied or harassed by anyone in our community, we strongly encourage you to immediately report the incident to Startup Grind Leadership. We will promptly and thoroughly investigate any complaints and take appropriate action. Any attendee, speaker, partner, or staff member demonstrating harassment in the form of live chat, social media posts, networking booths, or direct messages will be asked to stop immediately and removed from the event if it continues. Equal Opportunity  Fair Pay. Employment here is based solely upon individual merit and qualifications directly related to professional competence. We ensure fair pay for equal work and agree to compensate our employees without regard to ability status, age, ancestry, civil union, class, color, ethnicity, familial status, gender, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, military service, national origin, pregnancy, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, or other legally-protected status. Responsiveness. We keep our promises and strive to respond to all inquiries and concerns as soon as possible. Conflicts of Interest. We work for our company and partners, not for our own personal benefit. Startup Grind employees and community leaders commit to avoiding conflicts of interest that could allow them personal benefit at the expense of the Startup Grind community. Anyone at Startup Grind who is aware of a conflict of interest, or is concerned that a conflict might develop, is required to discuss the matter with Leadership. Supportive Work  Event Environment. We commit to a supportive, open, and welcoming workplace and event environment that reflect a culture free of harassment, intimidation, bias, and unlawful discrimination. We enable all in our community to feel free to express their opinions, concerns, and needs with an expectation that they will be heard and respected. We communicate professionally and appropriately at all times. Avoid Gossip. We do not speak ill of others. We have each others back. We are constructive in our feedback and will always provide it directly to the individual or company to which it pertains. No means no. We respect no as an answer and decision when it is made. Diversity. We encourage diversity and are committed to building inclusive environments at our company and at our events that reflect the diversity of people and cultures we see in the world and in our global community. Diversity and equality are foundational values that we draw upon when envisioning better events, programs and ultimately a stronger global community. Our team is committed to striving for equal representation of BIPOC and underrepresented individuals in the work that we do. Diversity, including but not limited to gender, race, geography, will continue to guide our work in the following ways inviting speakers and attendees to conferences and events, accepting startups into programs and memberships, selecting directors to lead chapters, featuring individuals on our blog and social channels, hiring vendors and team members, to name a few. Through all of the above and more, we will continue to use our platform to demonstrate the importance and expectation of diversity and equality in this industry. We accept the role as a leader in the space - educating, connecting, and elevating startups and entrepreneurs of all types - recognizing and celebrating our differences, creating a more diverse and inclusive community for all. Accountability. We stick to our word. We respect the legal agreements we sign and do our best to fulfill on all obligations. If we cant keep our commitments for some reason, then we strive to make it right in every way possible. Safe Workplace. We are committed to a violence-free work environment, and we will not tolerate any level of violence or the threat of violence in the workplace. Under no circumstances should anyone bring a weapon to work or an event. If you become aware of a violation of this policy, you should report it immediately. Drugs  Alcohol. Consumption of alcohol is not banned at our events, but we expect good judgment and appropriate behavior that would never compromise performance, endanger the safety of others, or violate the law. Substance abuse, illegal drugs, and underage drinking in our offices or at our events is strictly prohibited. Stand Up. We appropriately intervene in situations when we witness violations of this Code and will report such violations and in some instances, recognize our stance in whatever way we feel obligated to. Conclusion. Startup Grind is a human-first company. Its impossible to spell out every possible ethical scenario we might face. Instead, we rely on one anothers good judgment to uphold a high standard of integrity for ourselves and our company. We expect everyone at Startup Grind -- the company and our community -- to represent our values and abide by this Code of Conduct in everything we do. Any violation of this Code may result in disciplinary action, including termination, and if warranted, legal proceedings. This Code is a statement of certain fundamental principles, policies and procedures that govern the way we run our business. If you have witnessed a violation of our Code of Conduct please report it to Startup Grind Leadership. If you have a question or concern, dont just sit there. You can contact your manager, or Startup Grind Leadership. Finally, if you believe a violation of law has occurred, you can always raise that to Startup Grind Leadership or with a government agency. Harassment includes, but is not limited to

ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS MODIFICATIONS OF TERMS OF USE Amendments to this agreement can be made and effected by us from time to time without specific notice to your end. Agreement posted on the Site reflects the latest agreement and you should carefully review the same before you use our site. USE OF THE SITE The Site allows you to post offers and shop online. However, you are prohibited to do the following acts, to wit a use our sites, including its services and or tools if you are not able to form legally binding contracts, are under the age of 18, or are temporarily or indefinitely suspended from using our sites, services, or tools b posting of an items in inappropriate category or areas on our sites and services c collecting information about users personal information d maneuvering the price of any item or interfere with other users listings f post false, inaccurate, misleading, defamatory, or libelous content g take any action that may damage the rating system. Registration Information For you to complete the sign-up process in our site, you must provide your full legal name, current address, a valid email address, member name and any other information needed in order to complete the signup process. You must qualify that you are 18 years or older and must be responsible for keeping your password secure and be responsible for all activities and contents that are uploaded under your account. You must not transmit any worms or viruses or any code of a destructive nature. Any information provided by you or gathered by the site or third parties during any visit to the site shall be subject to the terms of StartupGrind.coms Privacy Policy. Term This Agreement will remain in full force and effect while you use the Website. You may terminate your membership at any time for any reason by following the instructions on the TERMINATION OF ACCOUNT in the setting page. We may terminate your membership for any reason at any time. If you are using a paid version of the Service and we terminate your membership in the Service because you have breached this Agreement, you will not be entitled to any refund of unused subscription fees. Even after your membership is terminated, certain sections of this Agreement will remain in effect. Registration Information For you to complete the sign-up process in our site, you must provide your full legal name, current address, a valid email address, member name and any other information needed in order to complete the signup process. You must qualify that you are 18 years or older and must be responsible for keeping your password secure and be responsible for all activities and contents that are uploaded under your account. You must not transmit any worms or viruses or any code of a destructive nature. Any information provided by you or gathered by the site or third parties during any visit to the site shall be subject to the terms of StartupGrind.coms Privacy Policy. Term This Agreement will remain in full force and effect while you use the Website. You may terminate your membership at any time for any reason by following the instructions on the TERMINATION OF ACCOUNT in the setting page. We may terminate your membership for any reason at any time. If you are using a paid version of the Service and we terminate your membership in the Service because you have breached this Agreement, you will not be entitled to any refund of unused subscription fees. Even after your membership is terminated, certain sections of this Agreement will remain in effect. NON-COMMERCIAL USE BY MEMBERS. Members on this social networking website are prohibited to use the services of the website in connection with any commercial endeavors or ventures. This includes providing links to other websites, whether deemed competitive to this website or not. Juridical persons or entities including but not limited to organizations, companies, andor businesses may not become Members of StartupGrind.com and should not use the site for any purpose. LINKS  FRAMINGS Illegal andor unauthorized uses of the Services, including unauthorized framing of or linking to the Sites will be investigated, and appropriate legal action may be taken. Some links, however, are welcome to the site and you are allowed to establish hyperlink to appropriate part within the site provided that i you post your link only within the forum, chat or message board section ii you do not remove or obscure any advertisements, copyright notices or other notices on the placed at the site iii the link does not state or imply any sponsorship or endorsement of your site and iv you immediately stop providing any links to the site on written notice from us. However, you must check the copyright notice on the homepage to which you wish to link to make sure that one of our content providers does not have its own policies regarding direct links to their content on our sites. WARRANTY DISCLAIMER AND EXCLUSIONS  LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY We make no express or implied warranties or representations with respect to the Program or any products sold through the Program including, without limitation, warranties of fitness, merchantability, non-infringement, or any implied warranties arising out of a course of performance, dealing, or trade usage. In addition, we make no representation that the operation of our site will be uninterrupted or error-free, and we will not be liable for the consequences of any interruptions or errors. We may change, restrict access to, suspend or discontinued the site or any part of it at anytime. The information, content and services on the site are provided on an as is basis. When you use the site and or participate therein, you understand and agree that you participate at your own risk. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY rights You hereby acknowledge that all rights, titles and interests, including but not limited to rights covered by the Intellectual Property Rights, in and to the site, and that You will not acquire any right, title, or interest in or to the site except as expressly set forth in this Agreement. You will not modify, adapt, translate, prepare derivative works from, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble or otherwise attempt to derive source code from any of our services, software, or documentation, or create or attempt to create a substitute or similar service or product through use of or access to the Program or proprietary information related thereto. Confidentiality You agree not to disclose information you obtain from us and or from our clients, advertisers, suppliers and forum members. All information submitted to by an end-user customer pursuant to a Program is proprietary information of StartupGrind.com. Such customer information is confidential and may not be disclosed. Publisher agrees not to reproduce, disseminate, sell, distribute or commercially exploit any such proprietary information in any manner. Confidentiality You agree not to disclose information you obtain from us and or from our clients, advertisers, suppliers and forum members. All information submitted to by an end-user customer pursuant to a Program is proprietary information of StartupGrind.com. Such customer information is confidential and may not be disclosed. Publisher agrees not to reproduce, disseminate, sell, distribute or commercially exploit any such proprietary information in any manner. NON-ASSIGNMENT OF RIGHTS Your rights of whatever nature cannot be assigned nor transferred to anybody, and any such attempt may result in termination of this Agreement, without liability to us. However, we may assign this Agreement to any person at any time without notice. Waiver Failure of the StartupGrind.com to insist upon strict performance of any of the terms, conditions and covenants hereof shall not be deemed a relinquishment or waiver of any rights or remedy that the we may have, nor shall it be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach of the terms, conditions or covenants hereof, which terms, conditions and covenants shall continue to be in full force and effect. and Severability of Terms. In the event that any provision of these Terms and Conditions is found invalid or unenforceable pursuant to any judicial decree or decision, such provision shall be deemed to apply only to the maximum extent permitted by law, and the remainder of these Terms and Conditions shall remain valid and enforceable according to its terms. Entire Agreement This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the substantive laws of California, without any reference to conflict-of-laws principles. The Agreement describes and encompasses the entire agreement between us and you, and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements, representations, warranties and understandings with respect to the Site, the contents and materials provided by or through the Site, and the subject matter of this Agreement. Choice of Law Jurisdiction Forum Any dispute, controversy or difference which may arise between the parties out of, in relation to or in connection with this Agreement is hereby irrevocably submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of California, to the exclusion of any other courts without giving effect to its conflict of laws provisions or your actual state or country of residence. Pricing Policy Tickets to events are priced based on demand and as appropriate to the local territory. Pricing is at the complete descretion of Startup Grind and its teams around the world. Once tickets sell out or the sale date expires they are no longer available for purchase. Promotional codes are subject to expiration dates which also make them no longer available. When a ticket is purchased, users will get an email with a link to download tickets if desired. Refund Policy There are no refunds to event tickets but do give a 12 month credit to a future event for that Chapter or equal or lesser ticket value as long as you let the local Chapter Director know via email before the event begins. In the rare circumstance that an event is cancelled we automatically issue full refunds.

