Experts say proposed deal with U.S. makes no sense Its new open reasoning model cuts costs drastically on AI reasoning Outpace design complexity with shift-left design rule checking methods The Trump-announced initiative to build data centers will have big impacts Physics makes this gas-burning beast inevitable The years most popular stories include investigations into generative AIs strengths and failures Robotaxi adoption shows that the tipping point is near Autonomous contract negotiation bots could soon be on both sides of the table Atom Powers solid-state circuit breaker might deliver the cheap charging landlords seek Apples WaveOne purchase heralds a new era in smart-streaming of AR and video The automaker is swearing off rare-earth elementsbut experts are doubtful Which automakers most want what in their ideal electric powertrain? To avoid unintended consequences, bring realism to the table Unpacking the complexities of energy system transition Unless people change their behaviors, we wont hit 2050 net zero emissions targets How range, affordability, reliability, and behavioral changes figure into purchase decisions

AI agents from OpenAI, Anthropic, and Google want to lighten your load DeepComputing PCs aim to elbow out Arm and x86 architectures Once popular in Japan, MiniDiscs, MiniDV, and blank Blu-Rays are out Outpace design complexity with shift-left design rule checking methods The first certified devices were shown at CES 2025 The system can do real-time speech-to-speech translation in 101 languages Expanding display rolls out with the touch of a button Six intriguing gadgets I hope to see at this years event Re-buttonization, Metas pricey AR glasses, and the story of the first Fitbit The prototype dampens the jostling of items inside it Heres your guide to how the incoming administration will impact tech A synthetic e-skin uses capacitance to detect nearby objects FeFET array enables homomorphic encryption in battery-powered devices Researchers turn off a noisy world to help users tune in to nearby conversations Unpacking the complexities of energy system transition Lickable devices could make for flavorful extended-reality environments PhotoBot works with users to bring their imagination to life

An exclusive look inside Turings notebooks shows his DIY approach A collection of documents was recently sold at auction for almost half a million dollars. The documents detail a top-secret voice-encryption project led by Alan Turing, culminating in the creation of the Delilah machine. It was 8 May 1945, Victory in Europe Day. With the German militarys unconditional surrender, the European part of World War II came to an end. Alan Turing and his assistant Donald Bayley celebrated victory in their quiet English way, by taking a long walk together. They had been working side by side for more than a year in a secret electronics laboratory, deep in the English countryside. Bayley, a young electrical engineer, knew little about his bosss other life as a code breaker, only that Turing would set off on his bicycle every now and then to another secret establishment about 10 miles away along rural lanes, Bletchley Park. As Bayley and the rest of the world would later learn, Bletchley Park was the headquarters of a vast, unprecedented code-breaking operation. When they sat down for a rest in a clearing in the woods, Bayley said, Well, the wars over nowits peacetime, so you can tell us all. Donald Bayley 1921-2020 graduated with a degree in electrical engineering, and was commissioned into the Royal Electrical and Mechanical Engineers. There, he was selected to work with Alan Turing on the Delilah project. In later life he designed the teletypewriter-based Piccolo system for secret diplomatic radio communications, adopted by the British Foreign and Commonwealth Office and used worldwide for decades.Bonhams Dont be so bloody silly, Turing replied. That was the end of that conversation, Bayley recalled 67 years later. Turings incredible code-breaking work is now no longer secret. Whats more, he is renowned both as a founding father of computer science and as a pioneering figure in artificial intelligence. He is not so well-known, however, for his work in electrical engineering. This may be about to change. In November 2023, a large cache of his wartime papersnicknamed the Bayley paperswas auctioned in London for almost half a million U.S. dollars. The previously unknown cache contains many sheets in Turings own handwriting, telling of his top-secret Delilah engineering project from 1943 to 1945. Delilah was Turings portable voice-encryption system, named after the biblical deceiver of men. There is also material written by Bayley, often in the form of notes he took while Turing was speaking. It is thanks to Bayley that the papers survived He kept them until he died in 2020, 66 years after Turing passed away. When the British Government learned about the sale of these papers at auction, it acted swiftly to put a ban on their export, declaring them to be an important part of our national story, and saying It is right that a UK buyer has the opportunity to purchase these papers. I was lucky enough to get access to the collection prior to the November sale, when the auction house asked for my assistance in identifying some of the technical material. The Bayley papers shine new light on Turing the engineer. At the time, Turing was traveling from the abstract to the concrete. The papers offer intriguing snapshots of his journey from his prewar focus on mathematical logic and number theory, into a new world of circuits, electronics, and engineering math. During the war, Turing realized that cryptologys new frontier was going to be the encryption of speech. The existing wartime cipher machinessuch as the Japanese  Purple machine, the British Typex, and the Germans famous Enigma and teletypewriter-based SZ42were all for encrypting typewritten text. Text, though, is scarcely the most convenient way for commanders to communicate, and secure voice communication was on the military wish list. Bell Labs pioneering SIGSALY speech-encryption system was constructed in New York City, under a U.S. Army contract, during 1942 and 1943. It was gigantic, weighing over 50 thousand kilograms and filling a room. Turing was familiar with SIGSALY and wanted to miniaturize speech encryption. The result, Delilah, consisted of three small units, each roughly the size of a shoebox. Weighing just 39 kg, including its power pack, Delilah would be at home in a truck, a trench, or a large backpack. Bell Labs top secret installation of the SIGSALY voice-encryption system was a room-size machine that weighed over 50,000 kilograms.NSA In 1943, Turing set up bench space in a Nissen hut and worked on Delilah in secret. The hut was at Hanslope Park, a military-run establishment in the middle of nowhere, England. Today, Hanslope Park is still an ultrasecret intelligence site known as His Majestys Government Communications Centre. In the Turing tradition, HMGCC engineers supply todays British intelligence agents with specialized hardware and software. Turing seems to have enjoyed the two years he spent at Hanslope Park working on Delilah. He made an old cottage his home and took meals in the Army mess. The commanding officer recalled that he soon settled down and became one of us. In 1944, Turing acquired his young assistant, Bayley, who had recently graduated from the University of Birmingham with a bachelors degree in electrical engineering. The two became good friends, working together on Delilah until the autumn of 1945. Bayley called Turing simply Prof, as everyone did in the Bletchley-Hanslope orbit. I admired the originality of his mind, Bayley told me when I interviewed him in the 1990s. He taught me a great deal, for which I have always been grateful. In return, Bayley taught Turing bench skills. When he first arrived at Hanslope Park, Bayley found Turing wiring together circuits that resembled a spiders nest, he said. He took Turing firmly by the hand and dragged him through breadboarding boot camp. Alan Turing and his assistant Donald Bayley created this working prototype of their voice-encryption system, called Delilah.The National Archives, London A year later, as the European war ground to a close, Turing and Bayley got a prototype system up and running. This did all that could be expected of it, Bayley said. He described the Delilah system as one of the first to be based on rigorous cryptographic principles. Turing drew inspiration for the voice-encryption system from existing cipher machines for text. Teletypewriter-based cipher machines such as the Germans sophisticated SZ42broken by Turing and his colleagues at Bletchley Parkworked differently from the better known Enigma machine. Enigma was usually used for messages transmitted over radio in Morse code. It encrypted the letters A through Z by lighting up corresponding letters on a panel, called the lampboard, whose electrical connections with the keyboard were continually changing. The SZ42, by contrast, was attached to a regular teletypewriter that used a 5-bit telegraph code and could handle not just letters, but also numbers and a range of punctuation. Morse code was not involved. This 5-bit telegraph code was a forerunner of ASCII and Unicode and is still used by some ham radio operators. The SZ42 encrypted the teletypewriters output by adding a sequence of obscuring telegraph characters, called key the singular form key was used by the codebreakers and codemakers as a mass noun, like footwear or output, to the plain message. For example, if the German plaintext was ANGREIFEN UM NUL NUL UHR Attack at zero hundred hours, and the obscuring characters that were being used to encrypt these three words and also the space between them were YRABV8WOUJLH9VF3JXD5Z, then the cipher machine would first add Y to Athat is to say, add the 5-bit code of the first letter of the key to the 5-bit code of the first letter of the plaintextand then added  to N, then R to G, and so on. Under the SZ42s rules for character addition which were hardwired into the machine, these 24 additions would produce PNTDOOLLHANC9OAND9NK9CK5, which was the encrypted message. This principle of generating the obscuring key and then adding it to the plain message was the concept that Turing extended to the new territory of speech encryption. The Delilah voice-encryption machine contained a key unit that generated the pseudorandom numbers used to obscure messages. This blueprint of the key unit features 8 multivibrators labeled v1, v2, and so forth.The National Archives, London Inside the SZ42, the key was produced by a key generator, consisting of a system of 12 wheels. As the wheels turned, they churned out a continual stream of seemingly random characters. The wheels in the receivers machine were synchronized with the senders, and so produced the same charactersYRABV8WOUJLH9VF3JXD5Z in our example. The receiving machine subtracted the key from the incoming ciphertext PNTDOOLLHANC9OAND9NK9CK5, revealing the plaintext ANGREIFEN9UM9NUL9NUL9UHR a space was always typed as 9. Applying a similar principle, Delilah added the obscuring key to spoken words. In Delilahs case, the key was a stream of pseudorandom numbersthat is, random-seeming numbers that were not truly random. Delilahs key generator contained five rotating wheels and some fancy electronics concocted by Turing. As with the SZ42, the receivers key generator had to be synchronized with the senders, so that both machines produced identical key. In their once highly secret but now declassified report, Turing and Bayley commented that the problem of synchronizing the two key generators had presented them with formidable difficulties. But they overcame these and other problems, and eventually demonstrated Delilah using a recording of a speech given by Winston Churchill, successfully encrypting, transmitting, and decrypting it. This loose-leaf sheet shows a circuit used by Turing in an experiment to measure the cut-off voltage at a triode tube, most likely in connection with the avalanche-effect basic to a multivibrator. Multivibrators were an essential component of Delilahs key-generation module. Bonhams The encryption-decryption process began with discretizing the audio signal, which today wed call analog-to-digital conversion. This produced a sequence of individual numbers, each corresponding to the signals voltage at a particular point in time. Then numbers from Delilahs key were added to these numbers. During the addition, any digits that needed to be carried over to the next column were left out of the calculationcalled noncarrying addition, this helped scramble the message. The resulting sequence of numbers was the encrypted form of the speech signal. This was transmitted automatically to a second Delilah at the receiving end. The receiving Delilah subtracted the key from the incoming transmission, and then converted the resulting numbers to voltages to reproduce the original speech. The result was whistly and full of background noise, but usually intelligiblealthough if things went wrong, there could be a sudden crack like a rifle shot, Turing and Bayley reported cheerfully. But the war was winding down, and the military was not attracted to the system. Work on the Delilah project stopped not long after the war ended, when Turing was hired by the British National Physical Laboratory to design and develop an electronic computer. Delilah had little potential for further development, Bayley said and was soon forgotten. Yet it offered a very high level of security, and was the first successful demonstration of a compact portable device for voice encryption. Whats more, Turings two years of immersion in electrical engineering stood him in good stead, as he moved on to designing electronic computers. The two years Turing spent on Delilah produced the Bayley papers. The papers comprise a laboratory notebook, a considerable quantity of loose sheets some organized into bundles, andthe jewel of the collectiona looseleaf ring binder bulging with pages. The greenish-gray quarto-size lab notebook, much of it in Turings handwriting, details months of work. The first experiment Turing recorded involved measuring a pulse emitted by a multivibrator, which is a circuit that can be triggered to produce a single voltage pulse or a chain of pulses. In the experiment, the pulse was fed into an oscilloscope and its shape examined. Multivibrators were crucial components of Turings all-important key generator, and the next page of the notebook, labeled Measurement of Heaviside function,  shows the voltages measured in part of the same multivibrator circuit. A key item in the Bayley papers is this lab notebook, whose first 24 pages are in Turings handwriting. These detail Turings work on the Delilah project prior to Bayleys arrival in March 1944.Bonhams Today, there is intense interest in the use of multivibrators in cryptography. Turings key generator, the most original part of Delilah, contained eight multivibrator circuits, along with the five-wheel assembly mentioned previously. In effect the multivibrators were eight more very complicated wheels, and there was additional circuitry for enhancing the random appearance of the numbers the multivibrators produced. Subsequent experiments recorded in the lab book tested the performance of all the main parts of Delilahthe pulse modulator, the harmonic analyzer, the key generator, the signal and oscillator circuits, and the radio frequency and aerial circuits. Turing worked alone for approximately the first six months of the project, before Bayleys arrival in March 1944, and the notebook is in Turings handwriting up to and including the testing of the key generator. After this, the job of recording experiments passed to Bayley. Two loose pages, in Turings handwriting, explain the so-called bandwidth theorem, now known as the Nyquist-Shannon sampling theorem. This was likely written out for Bayleys benefit. Bonhams Among the piles of loose sheets covered with Turings riotously untidy handwriting, one page is headed Bandwidth Theorem. Delilah was in effect an application of a bandwidth theorem that today is known as the Nyquist-Shannon sampling theorem. Turings proof of the theorem is scrawled over two sheets. Most probably he wrote the proof out for Bayleys benefit. The theoremwhich expresses what the sampling rate needs to be if sound waves are to be reproduced accuratelygoverned Delilahs conversion of sound waves into numbers, done by sampling vocal frequencies several thousand times a second. At Bell Labs, Claude Shannon had written a paper sketching previous work on the theorem and then proving his own formulation of it. Shannon wrote the paper in 1940, although it was not published until 1949. Turing worked at Bell Labs for a time in 1943, in connection with SIGSALY, before returning to England and embarking on Delilah. It seems likely that he and Shannon would have discussed sampling rates. During the war, Hanslope Park housed a large radio-monitoring section. Shifts of operators continuously searched the airwaves for enemy messages. Enigma transmissions, in Morse code, were identified by their stereotypical military format, while the distinctive warble of the SZ42s radioteletype signals was instantly recognizable. After latching onto a transmission, an operator filled out an Army-issue form preprinted in bright red ink. The frequency, the time of interception, and the letters of ciphertext were noted down. This red form was then rushed to the code breakers at Bletchley Park. Writing paper was in short supply in wartime Britain, and Turing used the blank reverse sides of these red forms, designed for radio operators to note down information about intercepted signals.Bonhams Writing paper was in short supply in wartime Britain. Turing evidently helped himself to large handfuls of red forms, scrawling out screeds of notes about Delilah on the blank reverse sides. In one bundle of red forms, numbered by Turing at the corners, he considered a resistance-capacitance network into which a pulse of area A at time 0 is input. He calculated the charge as the pulse passes through the network, and then calculated the output volts with pulse of that area. The following sheets are covered with integral equations involving time, resistance, and charge. Then a scribbled diagram appears, in which a wavelike pulse is analyzed into discrete stepsa prelude to several pages of Fourier-type analysis. Turing appended a proof of what he termed the Fourier theorem, evidence that these pages may have been a tutorial for Bayley. The very appearance of these papers speaks to the character and challenging nature of the Delilah project. The normally top-secret Army red forms, the evidence of wartime shortages, the scribbled formulas, the complexity of the mathematics, the tutorials for Bayleyall contribute to the picture of the Prof and his young assistant working closely together at a secret military establishment on a device that pushed the engineering envelope. The cover of the looseleaf ring binder is embossed in gilt letters Queen Marys School, Walsall, where Bayley had once been a pupil. It is crammed with handwritten notes taken by Bayley during a series of evening lectures that Turing gave at Hanslope Park. The size of Turings audience is unknown, but there were numerous young engineers like Bayley at Hanslope. These notes can reasonably be given the title Turings Lectures on Advanced Mathematics for Electrical Engineers. Running to 180 pages, they are the most extensive noncryptographic work by Turing currently known, vying in length with his 1940 write-up about Enigma and the Bombe, affectionately known at Bletchley Park as Profs Book. Stepping back a little helps to put this important discovery into context. The traditional picture of Turing held him to be a mathematicians mathematician, dwelling in a realm far removed from practical engineering. In 1966, for instance, Scientific American ran an article by the legendary computer scientist and AI pioneer John McCarthy, in which he stated that Turings work did not play any direct role in the labors of the men who made the computer a reality. It was a common view at the time. A binder filled with Bayleys notes of Turings lectures is the jewel of the recently sold document collection.Bonhams As we now know, though, after the war Turing himself designed an electronic computer, called the Automatic Computing Engine, or ACE. Whats more, he designed the programming system for the Manchester University Baby computer, as well as the hardware for its punched-tape inputoutput. Baby came to life in mid-1948. Although small, it was the first truly stored-program electronic computer. Two years later, the prototype of Turings ACE ran its first program. The prototype was later commercialized as the English Electric DEUCE Digital Electronic Universal Computing Engine. Dozens of DEUCEs were purchasedbig sales in those daysand so Turings computer became a major workhorse during the first decades of the Digital Age. Yet the image has persisted of Turing as someone who made fundamental yet abstract contributions, rather than as someone whose endeavors sometimes fit onto the spectrum from bench electronics through to engineering theory. The Bayley papers bring a different Turing into focus Turing the creative electrical engineer, with blobs of solder all over his shoeseven if his soldered joints did have a tendency to come apart, as Bayley loved to relate. Turings lecture notes are in effect a textbook, terse and selective, on advanced math for circuit engineers, although now very out-of-date, of course. There is little specifically about electronics in the lectures, aside from passing mentions, such as a reference to cathode followers. When talking about the Delilah project, Bayley liked to say that Turing had only recently taught himself elementary electronics, by studying an RCA vacuum tube manual while he crossed the Atlantic from New York to Liverpool in March 1943. This cannot be entirely accurate, however, because in 1940 Turings Profs Book described the use of some electronics. He detailed an arrangement of 26 thyratron tubes powered by a 26-phase supply, with each tube controlling a double-coil relay which only trips if the thyratron fails to fire. Turings knowledge of practical electronics was probably inferior to his assistants, initially anyway, since Bayley had studied the subject at university and then was involved with radar before his transfer to Hanslope Park. When it came to the mathematical side of things, however, the situation was very different. The Bayley papers demonstrate the maturity of Turings knowledge of the mathematics of electrical circuit designknowledge that was essential to the success of the Delilah project. The unusual breadth of Turings intellectual talentsmathematician, logician, code breaker, philosopher, computer theoretician, AI pioneer, and computational biologistis already part and parcel of his public persona. To these must now also be added an appreciation of his idiosyncratic prowess in electrical engineering. Some of the content in this story originally appeared in Jack Copelands report for the Bonhams auction house. This article appears in the March 2025 print issue as Alan Turings Top Secret DIY Project. Jack Copeland is a professor of philosophy at the University of Canterbury, Christchurch, New Zealand. He is one of the worlds top scholars on Alan Turing hes authored and edited multiple books on the computer scientist, and serves as the Director of the Turing Archive for the History of Computing. I am glad Spectrum published this story about Alan Turing describing aspects of his researchs unkown to us. It is a recognition for all Alan did for all of us during the second world war. The picture presented about the working prototype of the voice-encryption system, Delilah, shows the same configuration of the Geman enigma coding machine, that Alan decoded, and also the deciphering machine Alan built to obtain the communication codes to win the war. Society did not recognize Alan during his life-time. Now society is paying a little bit, Alan-debt with this article. I really enjoyed this article. Its a fascinating story.

Nokias 4G cellular network will be a game-changer for lunar missions Spacewalkers timely fixes kept the orbiting observatory on the cutting edge The aircrafts 470-km round trip heralds a new era in continental air operations Outpace design complexity with shift-left design rule checking methods Lonestar Data Holdings is sending a test mission, aiming to safeguard valuable data New Zealand researchers aim to combine plasma thrusters and superconducting magnets NASA, China, and others are in a new, and patient, space race Saving the DRO-A and B spacecraft involved a cutting-edge astrodynamical flex Users locations and texts can be intercepted, including DoD employees The Overture could be the first commercial supersonic plane since the Concorde Electronic warfare is taking a perilous turn into civilian airspace Europe-based The Exploration Company plans a new reusable space cargo ship Birds use their legs for all kinds of clever things, and now drones can too High-end positioning tech comes to low-cost UAVs Unpacking the complexities of energy system transition Intermediate transmitters could more effectively beam power to the ground The Falcon Neuro imager is plugging gaps in lightning research The latest developments in aviation, satellites, astrophysics, space flight, and space exploration The latest advances in artificial intelligence and machine learning, generative AI, ChatGPT, LLMs, deepfakes, and more The latest developments in biomedical devices, prosthetics, imaging, and diagnostics The latest developments in renewables, carbon capture, emissions monitoring, geoengineering, and electrifying everything The latest developments in embedded systems, hardware, software, quantum computers, and IT The latest developments in gadgets, gaming, smart phones, virtual reality, and audiovideo The latest developments in power generation, batteries, renewables, smart grid, and nuclear energy A look back at key moments in the history of cyberspace, electronics, and the space age The latest developments in consumer robots, humanoids, drones, and automation The latest developments in processors, memory, nanotechnology, optoelectronics, and integrated circuit design and materials The latest developments in computer vision, lidar, chemical sensors, and remote sensing The latest developments in wireless networks, Internet standards, 5G, IoT, security, and information theory The latest developments in electric vehicles, advanced aircraft, and self-driving cars Reviews, hands-on projects, and the latest on the maker movement from Spectrums DIY editor Stephen Cass Profiles and interviews with engineers, tech industry news, and the latest trends on the job market The latest news about IEEE, its members, tech history, and new offerings

The new design may give paralyzed people more autonomous motor control Flexible stick-on patches could monitor blood pressure, stress, and more Axana is a portable MRI that could give stroke patients a head start for treatment Outpace design complexity with shift-left design rule checking methods XoMotion gets people with spinal cord injuries on their feetand dancing The proof of concept tech aims to replace metal electrode brain-computer interfaces The company wants to make graphene sensors more accessible to industries A new tool predicts where proteins fit, opening new frontiers in drug discovery It covers electronic health records, devices, and hospital systems A hybrid digital-analog quantum computer made a surprising discovery Power in the blink of an eye, a DNA data drive, and more A synthetic e-skin uses capacitance to detect nearby objects Researchers created a brain atlas to find the right spot for electrodes Robert Langer was on to something, even when everyone said he was wrong Unpacking the complexities of energy system transition An Indian innovator promotes frugal high technology for the poor A pesticide-free technique holds promise by scrambling protists senses The latest developments in aviation, satellites, astrophysics, space flight, and space exploration The latest advances in artificial intelligence and machine learning, generative AI, ChatGPT, LLMs, deepfakes, and more The latest developments in biomedical devices, prosthetics, imaging, and diagnostics The latest developments in renewables, carbon capture, emissions monitoring, geoengineering, and electrifying everything The latest developments in embedded systems, hardware, software, quantum computers, and IT The latest developments in gadgets, gaming, smart phones, virtual reality, and audiovideo The latest developments in power generation, batteries, renewables, smart grid, and nuclear energy A look back at key moments in the history of cyberspace, electronics, and the space age The latest developments in consumer robots, humanoids, drones, and automation The latest developments in processors, memory, nanotechnology, optoelectronics, and integrated circuit design and materials The latest developments in computer vision, lidar, chemical sensors, and remote sensing The latest developments in wireless networks, Internet standards, 5G, IoT, security, and information theory The latest developments in electric vehicles, advanced aircraft, and self-driving cars Reviews, hands-on projects, and the latest on the maker movement from Spectrums DIY editor Stephen Cass Profiles and interviews with engineers, tech industry news, and the latest trends on the job market The latest news about IEEE, its members, tech history, and new offerings

OpenAIs Sora has raised the bar for AI moviemaking. Here are four things to bear in mind as we wrap our heads around whats coming. MIT Technology Reviews Whats Next series looks across industries, trends, and technologies to give you a first look at the future. You can read the rest of them here. When OpenAI revealed its new generative video model, Sora, last month, it invited a handful of filmmakers to try it out. This week the company published the results seven surreal short films that leave no doubt that the future of generative video is coming fast. The first batch of models that could turn text into video appeared in late 2022, from companies including Meta, Google, and video-tech startup Runway. It was a neat trick, but the results were grainy, glitchy, and just a few seconds long. Exclusive Watch the world premiere of the AI-generated short film The Frost. Fast-forward 18 months, and the best of Soras high-definition, photorealistic output is so stunning that some breathless observers are predicting the death of Hollywood. Runways latest models can produce short clips that rival those made by blockbuster animation studios. Midjourney and Stability AI, the firms behind two of the most popular text-to-image models, are now working on video as well. A number of companies are racing to make a business on the back of these breakthroughs. Most are figuring out what that business is as they go. Ill routinely scream, Holy cow, that is wicked cool while playing with these tools, says Gary Lipkowitz, CEO of Vyond, a firm that provides a point-and-click platform for putting together short animated videos. But how can you use this at work? Whatever the answer to that question, it will probably upend a wide range of businesses and change the roles of many professionals, from animators to advertisers. Fears of misuse are also growing. The widespread ability to generate fake video will make it easier than ever to flood the internet with propaganda and nonconsensual porn. We can see it coming. The problem is, nobody has a good fix. As we continue to get to grips whats aheadgood and badhere are four things to think about. Weve also curated a selection of the best videos filmmakers have made using this technology, including an exclusive reveal of Somme Requiem, an experimental short film by Los Angelesbased production company Myles. Read on for a taste of where AI moviemaking is headed. OpenAIs Sora is currently head and shoulders above the competition in video generation. But other companies are working hard to catch up. The market is going to get extremely crowded over the next few months as more firms refine their technology and start rolling out Soras rivals. The UK-based startup Haiper came out of stealth this month. It was founded in 2021 by former Google DeepMind and TikTok researchers who wanted to work on technology called neural radiance fields, or NeRF, which can transform 2D images into 3D virtual environments. They thought a tool that turned snapshots into scenes users could step into would be useful for making video games. But six months ago, Haiper pivoted from virtual environments to video clips, adapting its technology to fit what CEO Yishu Miao believes will be an even bigger market than games. We realized that video generation was the sweet spot, says Miao. There will be a super-high demand for it. Like OpenAIs Sora, Haipers generative video tech uses a diffusion model to manage the visuals and a transformer the component in large language models like GPT-4 that makes them so good at predicting what comes next, to manage the consistency between frames. Videos are sequences of data, and transformers are the best model to learn sequences, says Miao. Consistency is a big challenge for generative video and the main reason existing tools produce just a few seconds of video at a time. Transformers for video generation can boost the quality and length of the clips. The downside is that transformers make stuff up, or hallucinate. In text, this is not always obvious. In video, it can result in, say, a person with multiple heads. Keeping transformers on track requires vast silos of training data and warehouses full of computers. Thats why Irreverent Labs, founded by former Microsoft researchers, is taking a different approach. Like Haiper, Irreverent Labs started out generating environments for games before switching to full video generation. But the company doesnt want to follow the herd by copying what OpenAI and others are doing. Because then its a battle of compute, a total GPU war, says David Raskino, Irreverents cofounder and CTO. And theres only one winner in that scenario, and he wears a leather jacket. Hes talking about Jensen Huang, CEO of the trillion-dollar chip giant Nvidia. Instead of using a transformer, Irreverents tech combines a diffusion model with a model that predicts whats in the next frame on the basis of common-sense physics, such as how a ball bounces or how water splashes on the floor. Raskino says this approach reduces both training costs and the number of hallucinations. The model still produces glitches, but they are distortions of physics like a bouncing ball not following a smooth curve, for example with known mathematical fixes that can be applied to the video after it is generated, he says. Which approach will last remains to be seen. Miao compares todays technology to large language models circa GPT-2. Five years ago, OpenAIs groundbreaking early model amazed people because it showed what was possible. But it took several more years for the technology to become a game-changer. Its the same with video, says Miao Were all at the bottom of the mountain. Video is the medium of the internet. YouTube, TikTok, newsreels, ads expect to see synthetic video popping up everywhere theres video already. The marketing industry is one of the most enthusiastic adopters of generative technology. Two-thirds of marketing professionals have experimented with generative AI in their jobs, according to a recent survey Adobe carried out in the US, with more than half saying they have used the technology to produce images. Generative video is next. A few marketing firms have already put out short films to demonstrate the technologys potential. The latest example is the 2.5-minute-long Somme Requiem, made by Myles. You can watch the film below in an exclusive reveal from MIT Technology Review. Somme Requiem depicts snowbound soldiers during the World War I Christmas ceasefire in 1914. The film is made up of dozens of different shots that were produced using a generative video model from Runway, then stitched together, color-corrected, and set to music by human video editors at Myles. The future of storytelling will be a hybrid workflow, says founder and CEO Josh Kahn. Kahn picked the period wartime setting to make a point. He notes that the Apple TV series Masters of the Air, which follows a group of World War II airmen, cost 250 million. The team behind Peter Jacksons World War I documentary They Shall Not Grow Old spent four years curating and restoring more than 100 hours of archival film. Most filmmakers can only dream of ever having an opportunity to tell a story in this genre, says Kahn. Independent filmmaking has been kind of dying, he adds. I think this will create an incredible resurgence. Raskino hopes so. The horror movie genre is where people test new things, to try new things until they break, he says. I think were going to see a blockbuster horror movie created by, like, four people in a basement somewhere using AI. So is generative video a Hollywood-killer? Not yet. The scene-setting shots in Somme Requiemempty woods, a desolate military camplook great. But the people in it are still afflicted with mangled fingers and distorted faces, hallmarks of the technology. Generative video is best at wide-angle pans or lingering close-ups, which creates an eerie atmosphere but little action. If Somme Requiem were any longer it would get dull. But scene-setting shots pop up all the time in feature-length movies. Most are just a few seconds long, but they can take hours to film. Raskino suggests that generative video models could soon be used to produce those in-between shots for a fraction of the cost. This could also be done on the fly in later stages of production, without requiring a reshoot. Michal Pechoucek, CTO at Gen Digital, the cybersecurity giant behind a range of antivirus brands including Norton and Avast, agrees. I think this is where the technology is headed, he says. Well see many different models, each specifically trained in a certain domain of movie production. These will just be tools used by talented video production teams. Were not there quite yet. A big problem with generative video is the lack of control users have over the output. Producing still images can be hit and miss producing a few seconds of video is even more risky. Right now its still fun, you get a-ha moments, says Miao. But generating video that is exactly what you want is a very hard technical problem. We are some way off generating long, consistent videos from a single prompt. Thats why Vyonds Lipkowitz thinks the technology isnt yet ready for most corporate clients. These users want a lot more control over the look of a video than current tools give them, he says. Thousands of companies around the world, including around 65 of the Fortune 500 firms, use Vyonds platform to create animated videos for in-house communications, training, marketing, and more. Vyond draws on a range of generative models, including text-to-image and text-to-voice, but provides a simple drag-and-drop interface that lets users put together a video by hand, piece by piece, rather than generate a full clip with a click. Running a generative model is like rolling dice, says Lipkowitz. This is a hard no for most video production teams, particularly in the enterprise sector where everything must be pixel-perfect and on brand, he says. If the video turns out badmaybe the characters have too many fingers, or maybe there is a company logo that is the wrong colorwell, unlucky, thats just how gen AI works. The solution? More data, more training, repeat. I wish I could point to some sophisticated algorithms, says Miao. But no, its just a lot more learning. Online misinformation has been undermining our faith in the media, in institutions, and in each other for years. Some fear that adding fake video to the mix will destroy whatever pillars of shared reality we have left. We are replacing trust with mistrust, confusion, fear, and hate, says Pechoucek. Society without ground truth will degenerate. Pechoucek is especially worried about the malicious use of deepfakes in elections. During last years elections in Slovakia, for example, attackers shared a fake video that showed the leading candidate discussing plans to manipulate voters. The video was low quality and easy to spot as a deepfake. But Pechoucek believes it was enough to turn the result in favor of the other candidate. John Wissinger, who leads the strategy and innovation teams at Blackbird AI, a firm that tracks and manages the spread of misinformation online, believes fake video will be most persuasive when it blends real and fake footage. Take two videos showing President Joe Biden walking across a stage. In one he stumbles, in the other he doesnt. Who is to say which is real? Lets say an event actually occurred, but the way its presented to me is subtly different, says Wissinger. That can affect my emotional response to it. As Pechoucek noted, a fake video doesnt even need to be that good to make an impact. A bad fake that fits existing biases will do more damage than a slick fake that doesnt, says Wissinger. Thats why Blackbird focuses on who is sharing what with whom. In some sense, whether something is true or false is less important than where it came from and how it is being spread, says Wissinger. His company already tracks low-tech misinformation, such as social media posts showing real images out of context. Generative technologies make things worse, but the problem of people presenting media in misleading ways, deliberately or otherwise, is not new, he says. Throw bots into the mix, sharing and promoting misinformation on social networks, and things get messy. Just knowing that fake media is out there will sow seeds of doubt into bad-faith discourse. You can see how pretty soon it could become impossible to discern between whats synthesized and whats real anymore, says Wissinger. Fakes will soon be everywhere, from disinformation campaigns, to ad spots, to Hollywood blockbusters. So what can we do to figure out whats real and whats just fantasy? There are a range of solutions, but none will work by themselves. The tech industry is working on the problem. Most generative tools try to enforce certain terms of use, such as preventing people from creating videos of public figures. But there are ways to bypass these filters, and open-source versions of the tools may come with more permissive policies. Companies are also developing standards for watermarking AI-generated media and tools for detecting it. But not all tools will add watermarks, and watermarks can be stripped from a videos metadata. No reliable detection tool exists either. Even if such tools worked, they would become part of a cat-and-mouse game of trying to keep up with advances in the models they are designed to police. Online platforms like X and Facebook have poor track records when it comes to moderation. We should not expect them to do better once the problem gets harder. Miao used to work at TikTok, where he helped build a moderation tool that detects video uploads that violate TikToks terms of use. Even he is wary of whats coming Theres real danger out there, he says. Dont trust things that you see on your laptop. Blackbird has developed a tool called Compass, which lets you fact check articles and social media posts. Paste a link into the tool and a large language model generates a blurb drawn from trusted online sources these are always open to review, says Wissinger that gives some context for the linked material. The result is very similar to the community notes that sometimes get attached to controversial posts on sites like X, Facebook, and Instagram. The company envisions having Compass generate community notes for anything. Were working on it, says Wissinger. But people who put links into a fact-checking website are already pretty savvyand many others may not know such tools exist, or may not be inclined to trust them. Misinformation also tends to travel far wider than any subsequent correction. In the meantime, people disagree on whose problem this is in the first place. Pechoucek says tech companies need to open up their software to allow for more competition around safety and trust. That would also let cybersecurity firms like his develop third-party software to police this tech. Its what happened 30 years ago when Windows had a malware problem, he says Microsoft let antivirus firms in to help protect Windows. As a result, the online world became a safer place. But Pechoucek isnt too optimistic. Technology developers need to build their tools with safety as the top objective, he says. But more people think about how to make the technology more powerful than worry about how to make it more safe. Theres a common fatalistic refrain in the tech industry change is coming, deal with it. Generative AI is not going to get uninvented, says Raskino. This may not be very popular, but I think its true I dont think tech companies can bear the full burden. At the end of the day, the best defense against any technology is a very well-educated public. Theres no shortcut. Miao agrees. Its inevitable that we will massively adopt generative technology, he says. But its also the responsibility of the whole of society. We need to educate people. Technology will move forward, and we need to be prepared for this change, he adds. We need to remind our parents, our friends, that the things they see on their screen might not be authentic. This is especially true for older generations, he says Our parents need to be aware of this kind of danger. I think everyone should work together. Well need to work together quickly. When Sora came out a month ago, the tech world was stunned by how quickly generative video had progressed. But the vast majority of people have no idea this kind of technology even exists, says Wissinger They certainly dont understand the trend lines that were on. I think its going to catch the world by storm. With a new reasoning model that matches the performance of ChatGPT o1, DeepSeek managed to turn restrictions into innovation. A string of startups are racing to build models that can produce better and better software. They claim its the shortest path to AGI. The announcement confirms one of two rumors that circled the internet this week. The other was about superintelligence. The Chinese firm has pulled back the curtain to expose how the top labs may be building their next-generation models. Now things get interesting. Discover special offers, top stories, upcoming events, and more. Thank you for submitting your email! It looks like something went wrong. Were having trouble saving your preferences. Try refreshing this page and updating them one more time. If you continue to get this message, reach out to us at customer-servicetechnologyreview.com with a list of newsletters youd like to receive.  2025 MIT Technology Review

Federal scientists warn that Americans could feel the effects of the new administrations devastating cuts for decades to come. Ever since World War II, the US has been the global leader in science and technologyand benefited immensely from it. Research fuels American innovation and the economy in turn. Scientists around the world want to study in the US and collaborate with American scientists to produce more of that research. These international collaborations play a critical role in American soft power and diplomacy. The products Americans can buy, the drugs they have access to, the diseases theyre at risk of catchingare all directly related to the strength of American research and its connections to the worlds scientists. That scientific leadership is now being dismantled, according to more than 10 federal workers who spoke to MIT Technology Review, as the Trump administrationspearheaded by Elon Musks Department of Government Efficiency DOGEslashes personnel, programs, and agencies. Meanwhile, the president himself has gone after relationships with US allies. These workers come from several agencies, including the Departments of State, Defense, and Commerce, the US Agency for International Development, and the National Science Foundation. All of them occupy scientific and technical roles, many of which the average American has never heard of but which are nevertheless critical, coordinating research, distributing funding, supporting policymaking, or advising diplomacy. They warn that dismantling the behind-the-scenes scientific research programs that backstop American life could lead to long-lasting, perhaps irreparable damage to everything from the quality of health care to the publics access to next-generation consumer technologies. The US took nearly a century to craft its rich scientific ecosystem if the unraveling that has taken place over the past month continues, Americans will feel the effects for decades to come. Most of the federal workers spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to talk or for fear of being targeted. Many are completely stunned and terrified by the scope and totality of the actions. While every administration brings its changes, keeping the US a science and technology leader has never been a partisan issue. No one predicted the wholesale assault on these foundations of American prosperity. If you believe that innovation is important to economic development, then throwing a wrench in one of the most sophisticated and productive innovation machines in world history is not a good idea, says Deborah Seligsohn, an assistant professor of political science at Villanova University who worked for two decades in the State Department on science issues. Theyre setting us up for economic decline. The US currently has the most top-quality research institutes in the world. This includes world-class universities like MIT which publishes MIT Technology Review and the University of California, Berkeley national labs like Oak Ridge and Los Alamos and federal research facilities run by agencies like the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and the Department of Defense. Much of this network was developed by the federal government after World War II to bolster the US position as a global superpower. Before the Trump administrations wide-ranging actions, which now threaten to slash federal research funding, the government remained by far the largest supporter of scientific progress. Outside of its own labs and facilities, it funded more than 50 of research and development across higher education, according to data from the National Science Foundation. In 2023, that came to nearly 60 billion out of the 109 billion that universities spent on basic science and engineering. Past government reports on improper spending are having a moment with Musks followers. What do they show? The return on these investments is difficult to measure. It can often take years or decades for this kind of basic science research to have tangible effects on the lives of Americans and people globally, and on the USs place in the world. But history is littered with examples of the transformative effect that this funding produces over time. The internet and GPS were first developed through research backed by the Department of Defense, as was the quantum dot technology behind high-resolution QLED television screens. Well before they were useful or commercially relevant, the development of neural networks that underpin nearly all modern AI systems was substantially supported by the National Science Foundation. The decades-long drug discovery process that led to Ozempic was incubated by the Department of Veterans Affairs and the National Institutes of Health. Microchips. Self-driving cars. MRIs. The flu shot. The list goes on and on. In her 2013 book The Entrepreneurial State, Mariana Mazzucato, a leading economist studying innovation at University College London, found that every major technological transformation in the US, from electric cars to Google to the iPhone, can trace its roots back to basic science research once funded by the federal government. If the past offers any lesson, that means every major transformation in the future could be shortchanged with the destruction of that support. The Trump administrations distaste for regulation will arguably be a boon in the short term for some parts of the tech industry, including crypto and AI. But the federal workers said the presidents and Musks undermining of basic science research will hurt American innovation in the long run. Rather than investing in the future, youre burning through scientific capital, an employee at the State Department said. You can build off the things you already know, but youre not learning anything new. Twenty years later, you fall behind because you stopped making new discoveries. The government doesnt just give money, either. It supports American science in numerous other ways, and the US reaps the returns. The Department of State helps attract the best students from around the world to American universities. Amid stagnating growth in the number of homegrown STEM PhD graduates, recruiting foreign students remains one of the strongest pathways for the US to expand its pool of technical talent, especially in strategic areas like batteries and semiconductors. Many of those students stay for years, if not the rest of their lives even if they leave the country, theyve already spent some of their most productive years in the US and will retain a wealth of professional connections with whom theyll collaborate, thereby continuing to contribute to US science. The State Department also establishes agreements between the US and other countries and helps broker partnerships between American and international universities. That helps scientists collaborate across borders on everything from global issues like climate change to research that requires equipment on opposite sides of the world, such as the measurement of gravitational waves. The international development work of USAID in global health, poverty reduction, and conflict alleviationnow virtually shut down in its entiretywas designed to build up goodwill toward the US globally it improved regional stability for decades. In addition to its inherent benefits, this allowed American scientists to safely access diverse geographies and populations, as well as plant and animal species not found in the US. Such international interchange played just as critical a role as government funding in many crucial inventions. Several federal agencies, including the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the Environmental Protection Agency, and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, also help collect and aggregate critical data on disease, health trends, air quality, weather, and more from disparate sources that feed into the work of scientists across the country. The National Institutes of Health, for example, has since 2015 been running the Precision Medicine Initiative, the only effort of its kind to collect extensive and granular health data from over 1 million Americans who volunteer their medical records, genetic history, and even Fitbit data to help researchers understand health disparities and develop personalized and more effective treatments for disorders from heart and lung disease to cancer. The data set, which is too expensive for any one university to assemble and maintain, has already been used in hundreds of papers that will lay the foundation for the next generation of life-saving pharmaceuticals. Beyond fueling innovation, a well-supported science and technology ecosystem bolsters US national security and global influence. When people want to study at American universities, attend international conferences hosted on American soil, or move to the US to work or to found their own companies, the US stays the center of global innovation activity. This ensures that the country continues to get access to the best people and ideas, and gives it an outsize role in setting global scientific practices and priorities. US research norms, including academic freedom and a robust peer review system, become global research norms that lift the overall quality of science. International agencies like the World Health Organization take significant cues from American guidance. Whats coming next for technologies like EVs and wind power? US scientific leadership has long been one of the countrys purest tools of soft power and diplomacy as well. Countries keen to learn from the American innovation ecosystem and to have access to American researchers and universities have been more prone to partner with the US and align with its strategic priorities. Just one example Science diplomacy has long played an important role in maintaining the USs strong relationship with the Netherlands, which is home to ASML, the only company in the world that can produce the extreme ultraviolet lithography machines needed to produce the most advanced semiconductors. These are critical for both AI development and national security. International science cooperation has also served as a stabilizing force in otherwise difficult relationships. During the Cold War, the US and USSR continued to collaborate on the International Space Station during the recent heightened economic competition between the US and China, the countries have remained each others top scientific partners. Actively working together to solve problems that we both care about helps maintain the connections and the context but also helps build respect, Seligsohn says. The federal government itself is a significant beneficiary of the countrys convening power for technical expertise. Among other things, experts both inside and outside the government support its sound policymaking in science and technology. During the US Senate AI Insight Forums, co-organized by Senator Chuck Schumer through the fall of 2023, for example, the Senate heard from more than 150 experts, many of whom were born abroad and studying at American universities, working at or advising American companies, or living permanently in the US as naturalized American citizens. Federal scientists and technical experts at government agencies also work on wide-ranging goals critical to the US, including building resilience in the face of an increasingly erratic climate researching strategic technologies such as next-generation battery technology to reduce the countrys reliance on minerals not found in the US and monitoring global infectious diseases to prevent the next pandemic. Every issue that the US faces, there are people that are trying to do research on it and there are partnerships that have to happen, the State Department employee said. Now the breadth and velocity of the Trump administrations actions has led to an unprecedented assault on every pillar upholding American scientific leadership. For starters, the purging of tens of thousandsand perhaps soon hundreds of thousandsof federal workers is removing scientists and technologists from the government and paralyzing the ability of critical agencies to function. Across multiple agencies, science and technology fellowship programs, designed to bring in talented early-career staff with advanced STEM degrees, have shuttered. Many other federal scientists were among the thousands who were terminated as probationary employees, a status they held because of the way scientific roles are often contractually structured. Some agencies that were supporting or conducting their own research, including the National Institutes of Health and the National Science Foundation, are no longer functionally operational. USAID has effectively shuttered, eliminating a bastion of US expertise, influence, and credibility overnight. Diplomacy is built on relationships. If weve closed all these clinics and gotten rid of technical experts in our knowledge base inside the government, why would any foreign government have respect for the US in our ability to hold our word and in our ability to actually be knowledgeable? a terminated USAID worker said. I really hope America can save itself. Now the Trump administration has sought to reverse some terminations after discovering that many were key to national security, including nuclear safety employees responsible for designing, building, and maintaining the countrys nuclear weapons arsenal. But many federal workers I spoke to can no longer imagine staying in the public sector. Some are considering going into industry. Others are wondering whether it will be better to move abroad. Its just such a waste of American talent, said Fiona Coleman, a terminated federal scientist, her voice cracking with emotion as she described the long years of schooling and training she and her colleagues went through to serve the government. No vaccine is perfect, but these medicines are still saving millions of lives. Many fear the US has also singlehandedly kneecapped its own ability to attract talent from abroad. Over the last 10 years, even as American universities have continued to lead the world, many universities in other countries have rapidly leveled up. That includes those in Canada, where liberal immigration policies and lower tuition fees have driven a 200 increase in international student enrollment over the last decade, according to Anna Esaki-Smith, cofounder of a higher-education research consultancy called Education Rethink and author of Make College Your Superpower. Germany has also seen an influx, thanks to a growing number of English-taught programs and strong connections between universities and German industry. Chinese students, who once represented the largest share of foreign students in the US, are increasingly staying at home or opting to study in places like Hong Kong, Singapore, and the UK. During the first Trump administration, many international students were already more reluctant to come to the US because of the presidents hostile rhetoric. With the return and rapid escalation of that rhetoric, Esaki-Smith is hearing from some universities that international students are declining their admissions offers. Add to that the other recent developmentsthe potential dramatic cuts in federal research funding, the deletion of scores of rich public data sets on health and the environment, the clampdown on academic freedom for research that appears related to diversity, equity, and inclusion and the fear that these restrictions could ultimately encompass other politically charged topics like climate change or vaccinesand many more international science and engineering students could decide to head elsewhere. Ive been hearing this increasingly from several postdocs and early-career professors, fearing the cuts in NIH or NSF grants, that theyre starting to look for funding or job opportunities in other countries, Coleman told me. And then were going to be training up the USs competitors. The attacks could similarly weaken the productivity of those who stay at American universities. While many of the Trump administrations actions are now being halted and scrutinized by US judges, the chaos has weakened a critical prerequisite for tackling the toughest research problems a long-term stable environment. With reports that the NSF is combing through research grants for words like women, diverse, and institutional to determine whether they violate President Trumps executive order on DEIA programs, a chilling effect is also setting in among federally funded academics uncertain whether theyll get caught in the dragnet. To scientists abroad, the situation in the US government has marked American institutions and researchers as potentially unreliable partners, several federal workers told me. If international researchers think collaborations with the US can end at any moment when funds are abruptly pulled or certain topics or keywords are suddenly blacklisted, many of them could steer clear and look to other countries. Im really concerned about the instability were showing, another employee at the State Department said. Whats the point in even engaging? Because science is a long-term initiative and process that outlasts administrations and political cycles. Meanwhile, international scientists have far more options these days for high-caliber colleagues to collaborate with outside America. In recent years, for example, China has made a remarkable ascent to become a global peer in scientific discoveries. By some metrics, it has even surpassed the US it started accounting for more of the top 1 of most-cited papers globally, often called the Nobel Prize tier, back in 2019 and has continued to improve the quality of the rest of its research. Where Chinese universities can also entice international collaborators with substantial resources, the US is more limited in its ability to offer tangible funding, the State employee said. Until now, the US has maintained its advantage in part through the prestige of its institutions and its more open cultural norms, including stronger academic freedom. But several federal scientists warn that this advantage is dissipating. America is made up of so many different people contributing to it. Theres such a powerful global community that makes this country what it is, especially in science and technology and academia and research. Were going to lose that theres not a chance in the world that were not going to lose that through stuff like this, says Brigid Cakouros, a federal scientist who was also terminated from USAID. I have no doubt that the international science community will ultimately be okay. Itll just be a shame for the US to isolate themselves from it. If we dont act soon, our online world will continue to be run at the whim of capricious billionaires. AI competition is not a zero-sum game. Instead, the worlds superpowers need to work together to make sure AI benefits humanity. Amid takedowns of various government sites and databases, several organizations are working to preserve vital climate, health, and scientific data before its gone for good. A look back at the Office of Technology Assessment, the Congressional think tank that detected lies and tested tech. Discover special offers, top stories, upcoming events, and more. Thank you for submitting your email! It looks like something went wrong. Were having trouble saving your preferences. Try refreshing this page and updating them one more time. If you continue to get this message, reach out to us at customer-servicetechnologyreview.com with a list of newsletters youd like to receive.  2025 MIT Technology Review

Startups in Latvia and other nearby countries see the mobilization of Ukraine as a warning and as inspiration. They are now changing consumer productsfrom scooters to recreational dronesfor use on the battlefield. At first glance, the Mosphera scooter may look normaljust comically oversized. Its like the monster truck of scooters, with a footplate seven inches off the ground thats wide enough to stand on with your feet slightly apartwhich you have to do to keep your balance, because when you flip the accelerator with a thumb, it takes off like a rocket. While the version I tried in a parking lot in Rigas warehouse district had a limiter on the motor, the production version of the supersized electric scooter can hit 100 kilometers 62 miles per hour on the flat. The all-terrain vehicle can also go 300 kilometers on a single charge and climb 45-degree inclines. Since Russias invasion, Serhii Flash Beskrestnov has become an influential, if sometimes controversial, forcesharing expert advice and intel on the ever-evolving technology thats taken over the skies. His work may determine the future of Ukraine, and wars far beyond it. Latvian startup Global Wolf Motors launched in 2020 with a hope that the Mosphera would fill a niche in micromobility. Like commuters who use scooters in urban environments, farmers and vintners could use the Mosphera to zip around their properties miners and utility workers could use it for maintenance and security patrols police and border guards could drive them on forest paths. And, they thought, maybe the military might want a few to traverse its bases or even the battlefieldthough they knew that was something of a long shot. When co-founders Henrijs Bukavs and Klavs Asmanis first went to talk to Latvias armed forces, they were indeed met with skepticisma military scooter, officials implied, didnt make much senseand a wall of bureaucracy. They found that no matter how good your pitch or how glossy your promo video and Global Wolfs promo is glossy a slick montage of scooters jumping, climbing, and speeding in formation through woodlands and deserts, getting into military supply chains meant navigating layer upon layer of officialdom. Then Russia launched its full-scale invasion of Ukraine in February 2022, and everything changed. In the desperate early days of the war, Ukrainian combat units wanted any equipment they could get their hands on, and they were willing to try out ideaslike a military scooterthat might not have made the cut in peacetime. Asmanis knew a Latvian journalist heading to Ukraine through the reporters contacts, the startup arranged to ship two Mospheras to the Ukrainian army. Within weeks, the scooters were at the front lineand even behind it, being used by Ukrainian special forces scouts on daring reconnaissance missions. It was an unexpected but momentous step for Global Wolf, and an early indicator of a new demand thats sweeping across tech companies along Ukraines borders for civilian products that can be adapted quickly for military use. Global Wolfs high-definition marketing materials turned out to be nowhere near as effective as a few minutes of grainy phone footage from the war. The company has since shipped out nine more scooters to the Ukrainian army, which has asked for another 68. Where Latvian officials once scoffed, the countrys prime minister went to see Mospheras factory in April 2024, and now dignitaries and defense officials from the country are regular visitors. It might have been hard a few years ago to imagine soldiers heading to battle on oversized toys made by a tech startup with no military heritage. But Ukraines resistance to Russias attacks has been a miracle of social resilience and innovationand the way the country has mobilized is serving both a warning and an inspiration to its neighbors. Theyve watched as startups, major industrial players, and political leaders in Ukraine have worked en masse to turn civilian technology into weapons and civil defense systems. Theyve seen Ukrainian entrepreneurs help bootstrap a military-industrial complex that is retrofitting civilian drones into artillery spotters and bombers, while software engineers become cyberwarriors and AI companies shift to battlefield intelligence. Engineers work directly with friends and family on the front line, iterating their products with incredible speed. Their successesoften at a fraction of the cost of conventional weapons systemshave in turn awakened European governments and militaries to the potential of startup-style innovation and startups to the potential dual uses of their products, meaning ones that have legitimate civilian applications but can be modified at scale to turn them into weapons. This heady mix of market demand and existential threat is pulling tech companies in Latvia and the other Baltic states into a significant pivot. Companies that can find military uses for their products are hardening them and discovering ways to get them in front of militaries that are increasingly willing to entertain the idea of working with startups. Its a turn that may only become more urgent if the US under incoming President Donald Trump becomes less willing to underwrite the continents defense. But while national governments, the European Union, and NATO are all throwing billions of dollars of public money into incubators and investment fundsfollowed closely by private-sector investorssome entrepreneurs and policy experts who have worked closely with Ukraine warn that Europe might have only partially learned the lessons from Ukraines resistance. If Europe wants to be ready to meet the threat of attack, it needs to find new ways of working with the tech sector. That includes learning how Ukraines government and civil society adapted to turn civilian products into dual-use tools quickly and cut through bureaucracy to get innovative solutions to the front. Ukraines resilience shows that military technology isnt just about what militaries buy but about how they buy it, and about how politics, civil society, and the tech sector can work together in a crisis. Ukraine, unfortunately, is the best defense technology experimentation ground in the world right now. If you are not in Ukraine, then you are not in the defense business. I think that a lot of tech companies in Europe would do what is needed to do. They would put their knowledge and skills where theyre needed, says Ieva Ilves, a veteran Latvian diplomat and technology policy expert. But many governments across the continent are still too slow, too bureaucratic, and too worried that they might appear to be wasting money, meaning, she says, that they are not necessarily preparing the soil for if a crisis comes. The question is, she says, on a political level, are we capable of learning from Ukraine? Many Latvians and others across the Baltic nations feel the threat of Russian aggression more viscerally than their neighbors in Western Europe. Like Ukraine, Latvia has a long border with Russia and Belarus, a large Russian-speaking minority, and a history of occupation. Also like Ukraine, it has been the target of more than a decade of so-called hybrid war tacticscyberattacks, disinformation campaigns, and other attempts at destabilizationdirected by Moscow. Since Russian tanks crossed into Ukraine two-plus years ago, Latvia has stepped up its preparations for a physical confrontation, investing more than 300 million 316 million in fortifications along the Russian border and reinstating a limited form of conscription to boost its reserve forces. Since the start of this year, the Latvian fire service has been inspecting underground structures around the country, looking for cellars, parking garages, and metro stations that could be turned into bomb shelters. And much like Ukraine, Latvia doesnt have a huge military-industrial complex that can churn out artillery shells or tanks en masse. What it and other smaller European countries can produce for themselvesand potentially sell to their alliesare small-scale weapons systems, software platforms, telecoms equipment, and specialized vehicles. The country is now making a significant investment in tools like Exonicus, a medical technology platform founded 11 years ago by Latvian sculptor Sandis Kondrats. Users of its augmented-reality battlefield-medicine training simulator put on a virtual reality headset that presents them with casualties, which they have to diagnose and figure out how to treat. The all-digital training saves money on mannequins, Kondrats says, and on critical field resources. If you use all the medical supplies on training, then you dont have any medical supplies, he says. Exonicus has recently broken into the military supply chain, striking deals with the Latvian, Estonian, US, and German militaries, and it has been training Ukrainian combat medics. Theres also VR Cars, a company founded by two Latvian former rally drivers, that signed a contract in 2022 to develop off-road vehicles for the armys special forces. And there is Entangle, a quantum encryption company that sells widgets that turn mobile phones into secure communications devices, and has recently received an innovation grant from the Latvian Ministry of Defense. Unsurprisingly, a lot of the focus in Latvia has been on unmanned aerial vehicles UAVs, or drones, which have become ubiquitous on both sides fighting in Ukraine, often outperforming weapons systems that cost an order of magnitude more. In the early days of the war, Ukraine found itself largely relying on machines bought from abroad, such as the Turkish-made Bayraktar strike aircraft and jury-rigged DJI quadcopters from China. It took a while, but within a year the country was able to produce home-grown systems. As a result, a lot of the emphasis in defense programs across Europe is on UAVs that can be built in-country. The biggest thing when you talk to European ministries of defense now is that they say, We want a big amount of drones, but we also want our own domestic production, says Ivan Tolchinsky, CEO of Atlas Dynamics, a drone company headquartered in Riga. Atlas Dynamics builds drones for industrial uses and has now made hardened versions of its surveillance UAVs that can resist electronic warfare and operate in battlefield conditions. Agris Kipurs founded AirDog in 2014 to make drones that could track a subject autonomously they were designed for people doing outdoor sports who wanted to film themselves without needing to fiddle with a controller. He and his co-founders sold the company to a US home security company, Alarm.com, in 2020. For a while, we did not know exactly what we would build next, Kipurs says. But then, with the full-scale invasion of Ukraine, it became rather obvious. His new company, Origin Robotics, has recently come out of stealth mode, he says, after two years of research and development. Origin has built on the teams experience in consumer drones and its expertise in autonomous flight to begin to build what Kipurs calls an airborne precision-guided weapon systema guided bomb that a soldier can carry in a backpack. The Latvian government has invested in encouraging startups like these, as well as small manufacturers, to develop military-capable UAVs by establishing a 600,000 prize fund for domestic drone startups and a 10 million budget to create a new drone program, working with local and international manufacturers. Latvia is also the architect and co-leader, with the UK, of the Drone Coalition, a multicountry initiative thats directing more than 500 million toward building a drone supply chain in the West. Under the initiative, militaries run competitions for drone makers, rewarding high performers with contracts and sending their products to Ukraine. Its grantees are often not allowed to publicize their contracts, for security reasons. But the companies which are delivering products through that initiative are new to the market, Kipurs says. They are not the companies that were there five years ago. Even national telecommunications company LMT, which is partly government owned, is working on drones and other military-grade hardware, including sensor equipment and surveillance balloons. Its developing a battlefield internet of things systemessentially, a system that can track in real time all the assets and personnel in a theater of war. In Latvia, more or less, we are getting ready for war, says former naval officer Kaspars Pollaks, who heads an LMT division that focuses on defense innovation. We are just taking the threat really seriously. Because we will be operationally alone if Russia invades. The Latvian governments investments are being mirrored across Europe NATO has expanded its Defence Innovation Accelerator for the North Atlantic DIANA program, which runs startup incubators for dual-use technologies across the continent and the US, and launched a separate 1 billion startup fund in 2022. Adding to this, the European Investment Fund, a publicly owned investment company, launched a 175 million fund-of-funds this year to support defense technologies with dual-use potential. And the European Commission has earmarked more than 7 billion for defense research and development between now and 2027. Private investors are also circling, looking for opportunities to profit from the boom. Figures from the European consultancy Dealroom show that fundraising by dual-use and military-tech companies on the continent was just shy of 1 billion in 2023up nearly a third over 2022, despite an overall slowdown in venture capital activity. When Atlas Dynamics started in 2015, funding was hard to come by, Tolchinsky says Its always hard to make it as a hardware company, because VCs are more interested in software. And if you start talking about the defense market, people say, Okay, its a long play for 10 or 20 years, its not interesting. Thats changed since 2022. Now, what we see because of this war is more and more venture capital that wants to invest in defense companies, Tolchinsky says. But while money is helping startups get off the ground, to really prove the value of their products they need to get their tools in the hands of people who are going to use them. When I asked Kipurs if his products are currently being used in Ukraine, he only said Im not allowed to answer that question directly. But our systems are with end users. Ukraine has moved on from the early days of the conflict, when it was willing to take almost anything that could be thrown at the invaders. But that experience has been critical in pushing the government to streamline its procurement processes dramatically to allow its soldiers to try out new defense-tech innovations. Origin Robotics has built on a history of producing consumer drones to create a guided bomb that a soldier can carry in a backpack. This system has, at times, been chaotic and fraught with risk. Fake crowdfunding campaigns have been set up to scam donors and steal money. Hackers have used open-source drone manuals and fake procurement contracts in phishing attacks in Ukraine. Some products have simply not worked as well at the front as their designers hoped, with reports of US-made drones falling victim to Russian jammingor even failing to take off at all. Technology that doesnt work at the front puts soldiers at risk, so in many cases they have taken matters into their own hands. Two Ukrainian drone makers tell me that military procurement in the country has been effectively flipped on its head If you want to sell your gear to the armed forces, you dont go to the general staffyou go directly to the soldiers and put it in their hands. Once soldiers start asking their senior officers for your tool, you can go back to the bureaucrats and make a deal. Many foreign companies have simply donated their products to Ukrainepartly out of a desire to help, and partly because theyve identified a potentially profitable opportunity to expose them to the shortened innovation cycles of conflict and to get live feedback from those fighting. This can be surprisingly easy as some volunteer units handle their own parallel supply chains through crowdfunding and donations, and they are eager to try out new tools if someone is willing to give them freely. One logistics specialist supplying a front line unit, speaking anonymously as hes not authorized to talk to the media, tells me that this spring, they turned to donated gear from startups in Europe and the US to fill gaps left by delayed US military aid, including untested prototypes of UAVs and communications equipment. All of this has allowed many companies to bypass the traditionally slow process of testing and demonstrating their products, for better and worse. Tech companies rush into the conflict zone has unnerved some observers, who are worried that by going to war, companies have sidestepped ethical and safety concerns over their tools. Clearview AI gave Ukraine access to its controversial facial recognition tools to help identify Russias war dead, for example, sparking moral and practical questions over accuracy, privacy, and human rightspublishing images of those killed in war is arguably a violation of the Geneva Convention. Some high-profile tech executives, including Palantir CEO Alex Karp and former Google CEO-turned-military-tech-investor Eric Schmidt, have used the conflict to try to shift the global norms for using artificial intelligence in war, building systems that let machines select targets for attackswhich some experts worry is a gateway into autonomous killer robots. LMTs Pollaks says he has visited Ukraine often since the war began. Though he declines to give more details, he euphemistically describes Ukraines wartime bureaucracy as nonstandardized. If you want to blow something up in front of an audience in the EU, he says, you have to go through a whole lot of approvals, and the paperwork can take months, even years. In Ukraine, plenty of people are willing to try out your tools. Ukraine, unfortunately, is the best defense technology experimentation ground in the world right now, Pollaks says. If you are not in Ukraine, then you are not in the defense business. Jack Wang, principal at UK-based venture capital fund Project A, which invests in military-tech startups, agrees that the Ukraine track can be incredibly fruitful. If you sell to Ukraine, you get faster product and tech iteration, and live field testing, he says. The dollars might vary. Sometimes zero, sometimes quite a bit. But you get your product in the field faster. The feedback that comes from the front is invaluable. Atlas Dynamics has opened an office in Ukraine, and its representatives there work with soldiers and special forces to refine and modify their products. When Russian forces started jamming a wide band of radio frequencies to disrupt communication with the drones, Atlas designed a smart frequency-hopping system, which scans for unjammed frequencies and switches control of the drone over to them, putting soldiers a step ahead of the enemy. At Global Wolf, battlefield testing for the Mosphera has led to small but significant iterations of the product, which have come naturally as soldiers use it. One scooter-related problem on the front turned out to be resupplying soldiers in entrenched positions with ammunition. Just as urban scooters have become last-mile delivery solutions in cities, troops found that the Mosphera was well suited to shuttling small quantities of ammo at high speeds across rough ground or through forests. To make this job easier, Global Wolf tweaked the design of the vehicles optional extra trailer so that it perfectly fits eight NATO standard-sized bullet boxes. Some snipers prefer the electric Mosphera to noisy motorbikes or quads, using the vehicles to weave between trees to get into position. But they also like to shoot from the saddlesomething they couldnt do from the scooters footplate. So Global Wolf designed a stable seat that lets shooters fire without having to dismount. Some units wanted infrared lights, and the company has made those, too. These types of requests give the team ideas for new upgrades Its like buying a car, Asmanis says. You can have it with air conditioning, without air conditioning, with heated seats. Being battle-tested is already proving to be a powerful marketing tool. Bukavs told me he thinks defense ministers are getting closer to moving from promises toward action. The Latvian police have bought a handful of Mospheras, and the countrys military has acquired some, too, for special forces units. We dont have any information on how theyre using them, Asmanis says. Its better we dont ask, Bukavs interjects. Military distributors from several other countries have also approached them to market their units locally. Although they say their donations were motivated first and foremost by a desire to help Ukraine resist the Russian invasion, Bukavs and Asmanis admit that they have been paid back for their philanthropy many times over. Of course, all this could change soon, and the Ukraine track could very well be disrupted when Trump returns to office in January. The US has provided more than 64 billion worth of military aid to Ukraine since the start of the full-scale invasion. A significant amount of that has been spent in Europe, in what Wang calls a kind of drop-shippingUkraine asks for drones, for instance, and the US buys them from a company in Europe, which ships them directly to the war effort. Wang showed me a recent pitch deck from one European military-tech startup. In assessing the potential budgets available for its products, it compares the Ukrainian budget, which was in the tens of millions of dollars, and the donated from everybody else budget, which was a billion dollars. A large amount of that everybody else money comes from the US. If, as many analysts expect, the Trump administration dramatically reduces or entirely stops US military aid to Ukraine, these young companies focused on military tech and dual-use tech will likely take a hit. Ideally, the European side will step up their spending on European companies, but there will be a short-term gap, Wang says. Russias full-scale invasion exposed how significantly the military-industrial complex in Europe has withered since the Cold War. Across the continent, governments have cut back investments in hardware like ships, tanks, and shells, partly because of a belief that wars would be fought on smaller scales, and partly to trim their national budgets. After decades of Europe reducing its combat capability, Pollaks says, now we are in the situation we are in. It will be a real challenge to ramp it up. And the way to do that, at least from our point of view, is real close integration between industry and the armed forces. This would hardly be controversial in the US, where the military and the defense industry often work closely together to develop new systems. But in Europe, this kind of collaboration would be a bit wild, Pollaks says. Militaries tend to be more closed off, working mainly with large defense contractors, and European investors have tended to be more squeamish about backing companies whose products could end up going to war. As a result, despite the many positive signs for the developers of military tech, progress in overhauling the broader supply chain has been slower than many people in the sector would like. Several founders of dual-use and military-tech companies in Latvia and the other Baltic states tell me they are often invited to events where they pitch to enthusiastic audiences of policymakers, but they never see any major orders afterward. I dont think any amount of VC blogging or podcasting will change how the military actually procures technology, says Project As Wang. Despite whats happening next door, Ukraines neighbors are still ultimately operating in peacetime. Government budgets remain tight, and even if the bureaucracy has become more flexible, layers upon layers of red tape remain. Even Global Wolfs Bukavs laments that a caravan of political figures has visited their factory but has not rewarded the company with big contracts. Despite Ukraines requests for the Mosphera scooters, for instance, they ultimately werent included in Latvias 2024 package of military aid due to budgetary constraints. The war in Ukraine has exposed that widely available, inexpensive drones are being used not just for targeted killings but for wholesale slaughter. What this suggests is that European governments have learned a partial lesson from Ukrainethat startups can give you an edge in conflict. But experts worry that the continents politics means it may still struggle to innovate at speed. Many Western European countries have built up substantial bureaucracies to protect their democracies from corruption or external influences. Authoritarian states arent so hamstrung, and they, too, have been watching the war in Ukraine closely. Russian forces are reportedly testing Chinese and Iranian drones at the front line. Even North Korea has its own drone program. The solution isnt necessarily to throw out the mechanisms for accountability that are part of democratic society. But the systems that have been built up for good governance have led to fragility, sometimes leading governments to worry more about the politics of procurement than preparing for crises, according to Ilves and other policy experts I spoke to. Procurement problems grow bigger and bigger when democratic societies lose trust in leadership, says Ilves, who now advises Ukraines Ministry of Digital Transformation on cybersecurity policy and international cooperation. If a Twitter troll starts to go after a defense procurement budget, he can start to shape policy. That makes it hard to give financial support to a tech company whose products you dont need now, for example, but whose capabilities might be useful to have in an emergencya kind of merchant marine for technology, on constant reserve in case its needed. We cant push European tech to keep innovating imaginative crisis solutions, Ilves says. Business is business. It works for money, not for ideas. Even in Riga the war can feel remote, despite the Ukrainian flags flying from windows and above government buildings. Conversations about ordnance delivery and electronic warfare held in airy warehouse conversions can feel academic, even faintly absurd. In one incubator hub I visited in April, a company building a heavy-duty tracked ATV worked next door to an accounting software startup. On the top floor, bean bag chairs were laid out and a karaoke machine had been set up for a party that evening. A sense of crisis is needed to jolt politicians, companies, and societies into understanding that the front line can come to them, Ilves says Thats my take on why I think the Baltics are ahead. Unfortunately not because we are so smart, but because we have this sense of necessity. Nevertheless, she says her experience over the past few years suggests theres cause for hope if, or when, danger breaks through a countrys borders. Before the full-scale invasion, Ukraines government wasnt exactly popular among the domestic business and tech communities. And yet, they came together and put their brains and resources behind the war effort, she says. I have a feeling that our societies are sometimes better than we think. Peter Guest is a journalist based in London. With a new reasoning model that matches the performance of ChatGPT o1, DeepSeek managed to turn restrictions into innovation. The company is making a foray into scientific discovery with an AI built to help manufacture stem cells. A string of startups are racing to build models that can produce better and better software. They claim its the shortest path to AGI. Federal scientists warn that Americans could feel the effects of the new administrations devastating cuts for decades to come. Discover special offers, top stories, upcoming events, and more. Thank you for submitting your email! It looks like something went wrong. Were having trouble saving your preferences. Try refreshing this page and updating them one more time. If you continue to get this message, reach out to us at customer-servicetechnologyreview.com with a list of newsletters youd like to receive.  2025 MIT Technology Review

At East Campus, ambitious construction projects draw first-year students to the dorm each fall. Roller coasters. Bouldering walls. Hamster wheels. If youre looking for a good example of MITs practical, hands-on approach to educationexpressed in the motto Mens et manus, or Mind and handvisit the courtyard of East Campus EC just as first-year students arrive on campus each fall. There youll find residents of the dormitory, one of the oldest and most beloved on MITs campus, building an astonishingly complex structure designed to entertain those newcomersand show off the sense of community and building prowess that allow the dorm to pull off such feats year after year. EC students and alums alike say the annual tradition of building giant rides exemplifies the camaraderie and can-do spirit of MIT. It highlights everything I loved about living at ECMIT allowing both resources and freedom for motivated people to come together to build cool things as a community, says Ava Chen 17. The practice seems to have started in the early 2000s, although its hard to pin down the date since it took a few years to take root. Roller coasterstemporary but fully operational wooden ridesare the best-known results, but the designs vary from year to year. The fall 2024 build, for example, consisted of a three-story main structure with a bouldering wall, plus a tree house with a geodesic dome and spiral staircase. Although the projects usually happen in the East Campus courtyard, a space easily accessible to all residents, the 2023 and 2024 builds took place in a field near the Henry G. Steinbrenner 27 Stadium while EC was undergoing renovations. Why do these building projects happen every year? Its all a part of Residence Exploration Week once known as rush, and now called REXa period when undergraduate halls across campus host activities before the start of the fall semester to help new students get to know the different living communities and choose the one that best suits them. The annual construction projects at East Campus give first-years a few reasons to check out the dorm. At the start of REX, they can stop by and learn safety rules for using power tools and even participate in the building process if they want to help. Then, once the structure is complete, they can try it out. Not all dorms create something so elaborate to welcome first-years. But Mark Feldmeier 96, SM 03, PhD 09, a former EC resident and an MIT Media Lab lecturer since 2009, explains that it wasnt always like this at EC small projects turned into bigger builds, and the enterprise slowly grew over time. In the 90s, Feldmeier says, the dorms theme for rush week was carnivalcomplete with a dunk tank, a moon bounce, cotton candy, palm reading, and moreand anyone could set up a booth. It was a good theme for EC, as it showcased the eccentricity and range of interests, he says. The original roller coaster was named 8.01 The Ride, paying homage to the course number for MITs introductory physics class. Toward the end of his time as an undergrad, Feldmeier and some friends started adding more large-scale carnival rides to the experience, culminating in an oversize robot combat project. A jumbo hamster wheel followed in 2001 and a 50-foot tower and giant pinball machine in 2002. Many more building projects in 2003 led to the first roller coaster in 2004a project masterminded by Josh Powell 06. The original roller coaster was named 8.01 The Ride, paying homage to the course number for MITs introductory physics class. The build rush would attract students who wanted to build things, which would increase the percentage of the dorm population who could design and contribute to the process, allowing larger and larger builds, says Feldmeier. As the projects grew in size and scope, the Institute and the City of Cambridge got involved to ensure safety. Its become standard procedure to get the citys sign-off on the design before its built. And Feldmeier notes that David Barber, now MITs senior emergency management specialist, started working with students to make sure the builds met Occupational Safety and Health Administration standards and to develop a design approval process. The following years saw zip lines, lazy rivers, and giant catapults, says Feldmeier. For many incoming students, participating in the construction of an East Campus project helps them decide where to liveand for some, it also ignites a passion for building. Ben Katz 16, SM 18, says he heard about the projects during REX week and immediately got involved. I spent most of my time during REX helping out with the builds in the EC courtyard, he says. Katz led the design of the 2014 roller coasterthe first to be fully vetted and approved by MIT and a professional structural engineerand his design remains the backbone of the roller coasters EC builds today. The whole process was an adventure, recalls Katz, who says the students worked nearly nonstop for about a week, dividing the structure into small sections that were built in parallel. I was the first person to ride it. It was the first roller coaster I had ever ridden, and Ive still never been on a real roller coasteronly East Campus ones. The work was exciting and educational, Katz says. Besides the fun of the whole project, it was definitely a unique learning experience. The huge design project, approval, the planning required to get the roller coaster built in a week, managing the buildall of these things at a scale I didnt experience anywhere else as an undergrad. Chen says the EC builds are what initially drew her into the East Campus community, and she was involved in the projects during all four years at MIT, even serving as one of the project leads for the 2015 roller coaster.Seeing the construction go on in the courtyard as a first-year was a definite source of joy and a big influence on my choice to live in EC, she says. The aspect of strong community at EC was a big draw for me at the time and also motivated me to continue these traditions as an upperclassman. And it definitely confirmed my interest in studying mechanical engineering. Looking back on ECs REX planning process, which typically begins in January, Chen says it truly takes a village. The construction periodthe 2015 coaster took eight days from wood delivery to first rideis a sprint at the end of a long marathon, she says. It was incredible how many people dedicated valuable time and effort to creating a whimsical project. The EC dorm executive committee, EC alumni, and the MIT Environment, Health, and Safety Office helped guide them through the structural safety calculations, budgeting, getting Cambridge Fire Department and City of Cambridge sign-offs, and all the other important details, she adds. It was an intense learning experience. East Campus might look a little different after renovations are completed in the fall, but the projects will continue. The Division of Student Life has worked closely with EC students to ensure that renovation architects have accommodated the needs of residentsand that includes design features to optimize REX builds. There will still be a plaza outside the building for constructing grand projects, and a makerspaceformerly housed in the basement of the buildingwill be located on the first floor, with direct access to the courtyard. One thing that is certain not to change is the innovative and playful spirit of the EC community. These projects were a really special part of East Campus culture, and one of the things that attracted meand, Im sure, many othersto the dorm in the first place, Katz says. They brought together a huge fraction of EC residents, between everyone running the projects, helping build them, grilling burgers in the courtyard to feed everyone. It really was a magical couple of weeks every year before the semester started. This story was part of our JanuaryFebruary 2025 issue. With a new reasoning model that matches the performance of ChatGPT o1, DeepSeek managed to turn restrictions into innovation. The company is making a foray into scientific discovery with an AI built to help manufacture stem cells. A string of startups are racing to build models that can produce better and better software. They claim its the shortest path to AGI. Federal scientists warn that Americans could feel the effects of the new administrations devastating cuts for decades to come. Discover special offers, top stories, upcoming events, and more. Thank you for submitting your email! It looks like something went wrong. Were having trouble saving your preferences. Try refreshing this page and updating them one more time. If you continue to get this message, reach out to us at customer-servicetechnologyreview.com with a list of newsletters youd like to receive.  2025 MIT Technology Review

MIT Alumni MIT Alumni specific questions Digital Subscription Web access Web troubleshooting DigitalPrint Account Management Reset your password Change email address Activate your account Magazine Delivery Receive first issue Change mailing address Delivery troubleshooting Or, you can contact us directly with your question. Im a subscriber. How do I get access to the website? If you have already activated your MIT Technology Review online account, log in here. If you have not yet activated your account, follow these steps I am a subscriber and Im logged in, but Im unable to access stories on the website. Log out and log back in. If the problem persists or if youre unable to sign out, clear your browser cachecookies Chrome Safari Firefox Edge. If you have any questions about your online access, please contact us using the form at the bottom of this page. How do I read the digital magazine? All subscriptions include six digital issues per year, delivered every other month. Read each issue on the TechnologyReview.com website as a PDF or on any device through the subscriber-only mobile app. Visit Google Play or the Apple App Store to download the app and log in with the same email address you use to access TechnologyReview.com. This will allow you to read the digital magazine and give you full access to the app. If you have any problems logging on, please contact us using the form at the bottom of this page. I purchased a print subscription, but does this mean I now have digital access? Yes! Print subscribers now have Digital  Print subscriber access to the content on TechnologyReview.com and the mobile app. Follow the instructions above to set up and log in to your account. How does the app affect my alumni subscription? All alumni have access to the mobile app and are entitled to a special alumni experience inclusive of MIT News content. Just enter the email youve associated with your MIT Technology Review account on the login screen. If youd like to go paperless and change your alumni subscription to digital-only to ensure reliable delivery, visit the Alumni Association website. Whats the difference between whats online and whats in the magazine? We publish dozens of stories online every week only some of them go in the print magazine, which we publish six times a year and deliver every other month. I forgot my password. You can reset your password here. If you have any questions about resetting your password, contact us using the form at the bottom of this page. I need to change my email address. To update the email associated with your account, contact us using the form at the bottom of this page . Whats the difference between creating an account and subscribing? Creating an account doesnt cost anything, and it provides access to our free newsletters. Subscribers to MIT Technology Review receive the print andor digital versions of the magazine six times per year, and have paywall-free access to all the stories on www.technologyreview.com, among many other benefits, including the weekly newsletter The Algorithm. When will I receive my first issue? It usually takes 6-8 weeks for the first issue of a subscription to arrive. If you havent received an issue at that point, contact our customer support team at customer-servicetechnologyreview.com. I didnt receive my magazine or News magazine in the mail. Please contact our customer support team at customer-servicetechnologyreview.com to get to the bottom of this problem. How do I change my mailing address? You can change your mailing address in your subscription settings. Or if youre an MIT alumnus or receive your magazine courtesy of the MIT Alumni Association, you may update your mailing address by emailing mitalummit.edu or by logging in to your alum account using your MIT Infinite Connection login credentials visiting the Edit Profile section of My Account. How do I change my payment information? Change your payment information online using this form. How do I opt out of subscription autorenewal? All new subscriptions are set to autorenew to provide uninterrupted service to our subscribers. Your subscription will be renewed at the initial term and at the then-current subscription rate when your term ends. To opt out of autorenewal, manage your subscription account settings and uncheck the autorenew box. Id like an invoice for my subscription. Please email us at customer-servicetechnologyreview.com and well provide you with the paperwork you need. How do I purchase a gift subscription? You may purchase gift subscriptions through our website, at the Digital, DigitalPrint, or Premium level. Does MIT Technology Review offer a discounted subscription for students? We dont offer a discount for individual subscriptions, but many institutions carry us in their libraries or purchase group subscriptions for faculty, students, and staff. Does MIT Technology Review offer group subscriptions? We offer group subscriptions for Digital, Digital  Print, and site licenses for enterprise organizations. Some group subscriptions qualify for a rate discount. How do I purchase back issues of the magazine? Past issues of MIT Technology Review are available for purchase here. If you would like to buy a reprint of an older issue, please contact licensingtechnologyreview.com. How do I purchase editions of Twelve Tomorrows? New and old editions of Twelve TomorrowsMITs science fiction anthology inspired by todays new technologiesare available for purchase from MIT Press. What newsletters are available? We have newsletters on a variety of topics. Please contact our customer support team at customer-servicetechnologyreview.com if you want to have access. How do I update my newsletter preferences? Update your newsletter preferences anytime. I would like to advertise on your website. Thats excellent news! Review our media kit to learn about the advertising opportunities we have to offer. I have a story Id like to pitch. We do not accept unsolicited pitches. If you have feedback about a story weve published, please comment on our Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram page. We review every piece of correspondence our readers send our way. I have a question or feedback about a story I read. If you have feedback about a story weve published, please comment on our Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram page or send a note to our Editorial team using the Contact Us form. How do you choose who appears in your lists? Our editors use their judgment in determining the lists for 10 Breakthrough Technologies and Innovators Under 35. However, the public can nominate candidates for the innovators list, and a panel of outside judges weighs in on the finalists. How do I nominate a speaker for one of your events? You can nominate a speakernominate yourself, evenby filling out a nomination form. How can I volunteer for one of your events? That would be great! We can use help at many of our events. To volunteer, please send an email to volunteerstechnologyreview.com with the name of the specific events at which youd like to work. Can I purchase an individual article? You may obtain permission for individual articles through the Copyright Clearance Center. Can I link to an article on your website? Yes, and you must give us credit. For assistance with content permissions, please contact licensingtechnologyreview.com. I would like to use your content in my research. You may obtain permission to use our work in your research through the Copyright Clearance Center. Can I syndicate your content? Please email licensingtechnologyreview.com for more information about syndicating our content. Editorial guidelines The mission of MIT Technology Review is to make technology a greater force for good by bringing about better-informed, more conscious technology decisions through authoritative, influential, and trustworthy journalism. Read our editorial guidelines. Terms of service MIT Technology Review is an independent media company owned by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology MIT. Read our terms of service. Privacy Your privacy is important to us. Read our complete privacy policy. I am an MIT alum. How do I get access to stories on the website? All MIT alumni receive a complimentary subscription to MIT Technology Review and MIT News with unlimited access to all of our stories, courtesy of the MIT Alumni Association. To go paperless, choose the digital subscription format using your MIT Infinite Connection account. If you dont currently have an Infinite Connection account, please see the instructions to create an account. After verifying your preferred subscription format, please do the following If you dont already have an MIT Technology Review account If you already have an MIT Technology Review account How do I manage my complimentary subscription? All MIT alumni are eligible to receive a complimentary DIGITAL  PRINT subscription to MIT Technology Review. In the My Account section of the MIT Alumni Association website, you can select whether youd like to receive your subscription to the magazine in both digital and print, or in digital only. Navigate to the setting for subscriptions and make your selections. To receive the print magazine, you must have provided an up-to-date postal address to the MIT Alumni Association. You can easily make updates to your address online. To go paperless, simply change your alumni subscription to digital-only by visiting the MIT Alumni Association website. How do I change my email address? You can easily make updates to your address online using your MIT Infinite Connection login credentials and visiting the Email  Forwarding section of My Account. You may also contact the MIT Alumni Association at mitalummit.edu. How do I change my mailing address for my print magazine? Change your postal address or email address using your MIT Infinite Connection login credentials and visiting the Edit Profile section of My Account, or by contacting the MIT Alumni Association at mitalummit.edu. I didnt get my print issue. What do I do? Please contact our customer support team at customer-servicetechnologyreview.com I didnt get my print issue of MIT News. All I received was MIT Technology Review. What do I do? Please contact our customer support team at customer-servicetechnologyreview.com Why am I restricted to three MIT Technology Review stories per month? You are not restricted. When you sign into our site and activate your Alumni subscription, youll have unlimited access to all of our stories. To activate your Alumni subscription, please do the following If you dont already have an MIT Technology Review account If you already have an MIT Technology Review account I want to get The Algorithm newsletter. How do I do this? First, make sure youve activated your complimentary Alumni subscription. You can find instructions on how to activate your subscription above, with the question I am an MIT alum. How do I get access to stories on the website?. Once youve confirmed your subscription is activated, please do the following Im not happy about a story published by MIT Technology Review, or I have questions or comments. What can I do about that? If you have a comment youd like to share about a story we have published, please send a note to our Editorial team at feedbacktechnologyreview.com.  2025 MIT Technology Review

Some affected discs arent manufactured anymore and cant be replaced. Although digital media has surpassed physical media in popularity, there are still plenty of reasons for movie buffs and TV fans to hold onto, and even continue buying, DVDs. With physical media, owners are assured that theyll always be able to play their favorite titles, so long as they take care of their discs. While digital copies are sometimes abruptly ripped away from viewers, physical media owners dont have to worry about a corporation ruining their Friday night movie plans. At least, thats what we thought. It turns out that if your DVD collection includes titles distributed by Warner Bros. Home Entertainment, the home movie distribution arm of Warner Bros. Discovery WBD, you may one day open up the box to find a case of DVD rot. Recently, Chris Bumbray, editor-in-chief of movie news and reviews site JoBlo, detailed what would be a harrowing experience for any film collector. He said he recently tried to play his Passage to Marseille DVD, but after about an hour, the disc simply stopped working. He said the same thing happened with Across the Pacific. Bumbray bought a new DVD player but still wasnt able to play his Desperate Journey disc. The latter case was especially alarming because, like a lot of classic films and shows, the title isnt available as a digital copy. DVDs, if taken care of properly, should last for 30 to up to 100 years. It turned out that the problems that Bumbray had werent due to a DVD player or poor DVD maintenance. In a statement to JoBlo shared on Tuesday, WBD confirmed widespread complaints about DVDs manufactured between 2006 and 2008. The statement said Warner Bros. Home Entertainment is aware of potential issues affecting select DVD titles manufactured between 2006  2008, and the company has been actively working with consumers to replace defective discs. Where possible, the defective discs have been replaced with the same title. However, as some of the affected titles are no longer in print or the rights have expired, consumers have been offered an exchange for a title of like-value. Consumers with affected product can contact the customer support team at whvwbd.com. Its helpful that WBD recently provided some clarity about this situation, but its statement to JoBlo appears to be the first time the company has publicly acknowledged the disc problems. This is despite DVD collectors lamenting early onset disc rot for years, including via YouTube and online forums. YouTuber Damn Fool Idealistic Crusader, which said he conducted research through his own vast DVD collection and via forum discussions, claimed in November 2021 and May 2022 that the affected discs came out from 2006 to 2009, differing from WBDs recent statement. The YouTuber said that the problems centered mostly around classic films and box sets but also extends to some TV seasons and standalone releases. Explaining the problem, he said In the worst case scenario, you pop in the disc and its absolutely unreadable. Sometimes, you look over on the bottom and there can be some slight bronzing, but not always. You cant really rely on that. Then you have most discs, where its going to freeze up or lock up somewhere in the middle of the feature, the end, theres no telling where. There are some discs that get to the menu and wont play the feature at all. There are some where its the extras that wont work or freeze up. There are some where the extras work, and the feature doesnt. It also affects discs that are double features. So, there are some discs I have and some that have been reported that will play one feature, but the other is rotted. The theory, which has not been substantiated by WBD, is that the defective discs all came from a specific manufacturing plant in Pennsylvania that used subpar materials and cut corners, resulting in poorly made discs. They all go bad. They curdle like milk, YouTuber and DVD collector RetroBlasting said in a March 2024 video. Damn Fool Idealistic Crusader noted that owners of WB DVDs can check to see if their discs were manufactured by the maligned plant by looking at the inner ring codes on the DVDs undersides. Ars Technica reached out to WBD about why it didnt publicly disclose the problem earlier and why its not offering refunds especially in cases where replacements arent possible. Well update this article if we hear back. We also asked WBD about calls for the company to share a master list of affected DVDs in order to help collectors and the secondhand market. Damn Fool Idealistic Crusader made his own list, but without WB confirmation, it could have inaccuracies. In the meantime, though, if you have DVDs distributed by WB that you havent played in a while, now is a good time to double-check if theyre still functioning. Ars Technica has been separating the signal from the noise for over 25 years. With our unique combination of technical savvy and wide-ranging interest in the technological arts and sciences, Ars is the trusted source in a sea of information. After all, you dont need to know everything, only whats important.

Larger species face higher cancer risks but those that reached that size rapidly evolved mitigating mechanisms. We think this is exactly the kind of maneuverability wed like to see in future systems. CDC to reportedly study nonexistent link between measles vaccine and autism. Observers in Florida, the Bahamas, and the Turks and Caicos Islands spotted falling debris. For this sovereignty, we must yield to the temptation of preferring SpaceX. Phase I study showed vaccine was safe and spurred immune responses in older people. Tools show evidence that their creators carefully worked the bones, chipping off flakes to create useful shapes. Digital sequence information alters how researchers look at the worlds genetic resources. With most targeted changes not mammoth-specific, the focus is on gene editing. Personality quizzes based on ambiguous images are bunk, but we can still learn from such psychological myths. Kennedy vowed last month to usher in an era of radical transparency. New survey also shows growing trust in scientists and health professionals. Droplets of less volatile liquids like soybean oil and silicone oil have lower saturation pressures than water. Every single thing was clockwork... We got some Moon dust on our boots. We already have an example of general intelligence, and it doesnt look like AI. The largest study yet of the ISSs microbes hints were may be keeping it too clean. A pack of small robots can do liquidsolid transitions and adopt different shapes. Populations of sea lampreys likely to run amok with US Fish and Wildlife Service cuts. The FAA has cleared SpaceX to launch Starships eighth test flight as soon as Monday. That, plus data from the InSight lander, gives us a new view into Mars interior. Dancing sea turtles, the discovery of an Egyptian pharaohs tomb, perfectly boiled eggs, and more. Long-term impacts will affect not only research but also geopolitics. Planet-wide glaciers may have filled the oceans with mineral nutrients. One Falcon 9 launched an Intuitive Machines lunar lander, an asteroid prospector, and a NASA science probe. This success lays the foundation for future missions to dock with out-of-control satellites. Fresh analysis with calorimetry, X-rays, electron microscopy lend support to hotly debated theory. The first lunar lander built by Firefly Aerospace is on quite a trip, and has the selfies to prove it. Soldiers will be the early adopters and beneficiaries of this new technology, integrated with AI systems. The company shows off a mix of error-resistant hardware and error correction. High surface area of the tea leaves means they can adsorb toxic metals released by the boiling water. Researchers recommend kids stay up to date on the COVID vaccines. Senate Republicans flagged thousands of grants as woke DEI research. What does that really mean? The birds, known for their showy displays, look even more colorful than we thought. Specialized structures in the animals claws can seemingly absorb impact. We are almost ready for the test flight. All we need is the license. Regular doses of lithium let a battery survive nearly 12K cycles and counting. Ars Technica has been separating the signal from the noise for over 25 years. With our unique combination of technical savvy and wide-ranging interest in the technological arts and sciences, Ars is the trusted source in a sea of information. After all, you dont need to know everything, only whats important.

A taxi service that only operates in good weather isnt a good taxi service. Theres a reason that the suburbs of Phoenix, Arizona, were home to many autonomous vehicle programs Driving on wide streets in great weather is easy mode for an AV. But a commercial robotaxi service that only works when the sun is shining is a commercial robotaxi service that will never recoup the billions it would cost to develop. Thats why MoiaVolkswagens AV divisionhas begun testing its autonomous ID Buzzes around the streets of Oslo, Norway, this winter. For a while, autonomous driving was the hottest thing in tech. That hype has certainly calmed down a lot over the last few years as reality began to bite. Developing an AV that can safely drive around unpredictable humans turned out to be pretty hard, with myriad edge cases needing to be solved differently for each new city. Startups have shut down, winnowing the field. Uber gave its AV program to Aurora, together with a rather fat investment check Aurora these days is concentrating on autonomous trucking rather than robotaxis on busy city streets. VW, together with Ford, gave up on Argo AI. And General Motors killed off Cruise AV, seeing no way to make back the large pile of money it had already spent trying to make robotaxis work in San Francisco. Waymo is still making headwaylast week, I saw one of its I-Paces doing its thing with a safety driver behind the wheel here in Washington, DC, no less. Tesla claims it will start operating a commercial service in Austin, Texas, this year, which seems risible in light of that companys history of missed timelines and lax approach to public safety. And Moia is still gathering miles in Austin, as well as in Hamburg and Munich in Germany. And now Oslo. Users of mobility services expect a comfortable, reliable, and safe mode of transportregardless of the season and weather conditions. This remains especially true in the autonomous age, said Sascha Meyer, Moias CEO. To ensure that people worldwide can reliably experience our autonomous vehicles, we are making the technology winter-proof. The ability to drive safely under extreme weather conditions is a fundamental prerequisite for the long-term economic success of our offering in Europe and North America. Moia wants to deploy a commercial robotaxi service in Hamburg next year. Ars Technica has been separating the signal from the noise for over 25 years. With our unique combination of technical savvy and wide-ranging interest in the technological arts and sciences, Ars is the trusted source in a sea of information. After all, you dont need to know everything, only whats important.

For 549 and 599, AMD comes close to knocking out Nvidias GeForce RTX 5070. AMD is a company that knows a thing or two about capitalizing on a competitors weaknesses. The company got through its early-2010s nadir partially because its Ryzen CPUs struck just as Intels current manufacturing woes began to set in, first with somewhat-worse CPUs that were great value for the money and later with CPUs that were better than anything Intel could offer. Nvidias untrammeled dominance of the consumer graphics card market should also be an opportunity for AMD. Nvidias GeForce RTX 50-series graphics cards have given buyers very little to get excited about, with an unreachably expensive high-end 5090 refresh and modest-at-best gains from 5080 and 5070-series cards that are also pretty expensive by historical standards, when you can buy them at all. Tech YouTubersboth the people making the videos and the people leaving comments underneath themhave been almost uniformly unkind to the 50 series, hinting at consumer frustrations and pent-up demand for competitive products from other companies. Enter AMDs Radeon RX 9070 XT and RX 9070 graphics cards. These are aimed right at the middle of the current GPU market at the intersection of high sales volume and decent profit margins. They promise good 1440p and entry-level 4K gaming performance and improved power efficiency compared to previous-generation cards, with fixes for long-time shortcomings ray-tracing performance, video encoding, and upscaling quality that should, in theory, make them more tempting for people looking to ditch Nvidia. AMDs high-level performance promise for the RDNA 4 architecture revolves around big increases in performance per compute unit CU. An RDNA 4 CU, AMD says, is nearly twice as fast in rasterized performance as RDNA 2 that is, rendering without ray-tracing effects enabled and nearly 2.5 times as fast as RDNA 2 in games with ray-tracing effects enabled. Performance for at least some machine learning workloads also goes way uptwice as fast as RDNA 3 and four times as fast as RDNA 2. Well see this in more detail when we start comparing performance, but AMD seems to have accomplished this goal. Despite having 64 or 56 compute units for the 9070 XT and 9070, respectively, the cards performance often competes with AMDs last-generation flagships, the RX 7900 XTX and 7900 XT. Those cards came with 96 and 84 compute units, respectively. The 9070 cards are specced a lot more like last generations RX 7800 XTincluding the 16GB of GDDR6 on a 256-bit memory bus, as AMD still isnt using GDDR6X or GDDR7but theyre much faster than the 7800 XT was. The 9070 series also uses a new 4 nm manufacturing process from TSMC, an upgrade from the 7000 series 5 nm process and the 6 nm process used for the separate memory controller dies in higher-end RX 7000-series models that used chiplets. AMDs GPUs are normally a bit less efficient than Nvidias, but the architectural improvements and the new manufacturing process allow AMD to do some important catch-up. Both of the 9070 models we tested were ASRock Steel Legend models, and the 9070 and 9070 XT had identical designswell probably see a lot of this from AMDs partners since the GPU dies and the 16GB RAM allotments are the same for both models. Both use two 8-pin power connectors AMD says partners are free to use the 12-pin power connector if they want, but given Nvidias ongoing issues with it, most cards will likely stick with the reliable 8-pin connectors. AMD doesnt appear to be making and selling reference designs for the 9070 series the way it did for some RX 7000 and 6000-series GPUs or the way Nvidia does with its Founders Edition cards. From what weve seen, 2 or 2.5-slot, triple-fan designs will be the norm, the way they are for most midrange GPUs these days. We used the same GPU testbed for the Radeon RX 9070 series as we have for our GeForce RTX 50-series reviews. An AMD Ryzen 7 9800X3D ensures that our graphics cards will be CPU-limited as little as possible. An ample 1050 W power supply, 32GB of DDR5-6000, and an AMD X670E motherboard with the latest BIOS installed round out the hardware. On the software side, we use an up-to-date installation of Windows 11 24H2 and recent GPU drivers for older cards, ensuring that our tests reflect whatever optimizations Microsoft, AMD, Nvidia, and game developers have made since the last generation of GPUs launched. We have numbers for all of Nvidias RTX 50-series GPUs so far, plus most of the 40-series cards, most of AMDs RX 7000-series cards, and a handful of older GPUs from the RTX 30-series and RX 6000 series. Well focus on comparing the 9070 XT and 9070 to other 1440p-to-4K graphics cards since those are the resolutions AMD is aiming at. At 549 and 599, the 9070 series is priced to match Nvidias 549 RTX 5070 and undercut the 749 RTX 5070 Ti. So well focus on comparing the 9070 series to those cards, plus the top tier of GPUs from the outgoing RX 7000-series. Starting at the top with rasterized benchmarks with no ray-tracing effects, the 9070 XT does a good job of standing up to Nvidias RTX 5070 Ti, coming within a few frames per second of its performance in all the games we tested and scoring very similarly in the 3DMark Time Spy Extreme benchmark. Both cards are considerably faster than the RTX 5070between 15 and 28 percent for the 9070 XT and between 5 and 13 percent for the regular 9070 our 5070 scored weirdly low in Horizon Zero Dawn Remastered, so wed treat those numbers as outliers for now. Both 9070 cards also stack up well next to the RX 7000 series herethe 9070 can usually just about match the performance of the 7900 XT, and the 9070 XT usually beats it by a little. Both cards thoroughly outrun the old RX 7900 GRE, which was AMDs 549 GPU offering just a year ago. The 7900 XT does have 20GB of RAM instead of 16GB, which might help its performance in some edge cases. But 16GB is still perfectly generous for a 1440p-to-4K graphics cardthe 5070 only offers 12GB, which could end up limiting its performance in some games as RAM requirements continue to rise. Nvidia got a jump on AMD when it introduced hardware-accelerated ray-tracing in the RTX 20-series in 2018. And while these effects were only supported in a few games at the time, many modern games offer at least some kind of ray-traced lighting effects. AMD caught up a little when it began shipping its own ray-tracing support in the RDNA2 architecture in late 2020, but the issue since then has always been that AMD cards have taken a larger performance hit than GeForce GPUs when these effects are turned on. RDNA3 promised improvements, but our tests still generally showed the same deficit as before. So were looking for two things with RDNA4s ray-tracing performance. First, we want the numbers to be higher than they were for comparably priced RX 7000-series GPUs, the same thing we look for in non-ray-traced or rasterized rendering performance. Second, we want the size of the performance hit to go down. To pick an example the RX 7900 GRE could compete with Nvidias RTX 4070 Ti Super in games without ray tracing, but it was closer to a non-Super RTX 4070 in ray-traced games. It has helped keep AMDs cards from being across-the-board competitive with Nvidiasis that any different now? The picture our tests paint is mixed but tentatively positive. The 9070 series and RDNA4 post solid improvements in the Cyberpunk 2077 benchmarks, substantially closing the performance gap with Nvidia. In games where AMDs cards performed well enough beforehere represented by Returnalperformance goes up, but roughly proportionately with rasterized performance. And both 9070 cards still punch below their weight in Black Myth Wukong, falling substantially behind the 5070 under the punishing Cinematic graphics preset. So the benefits you see, as with any GPU update, will depend a bit on the game youre playing. Theres also a possibility that game optimizations and driver updates made with RDNA4 in mind could boost performance further. We cant say that AMD has caught all the way up to Nvidia herethe 9070 and 9070 XT are both closer to the GeForce RTX 5070 than the 5070 Ti, despite keeping it closer to the 5070 Ti in rasterized testsbut there is real, measurable improvement here, which is what we were looking for. The 9070 series performance increases are particularly impressive when you look at the power-consumption numbers. The 9070 comes close to the 7900 XTs performance but uses 90 W less power under load. It beats the RTX 5070 most of the time but uses around 30 W less power. The 9070 XT is a little less impressive on this frontAMD has set clock speeds pretty high, and this can increase power use disproportionately. The 9070 XT is usually 10 or 15 percent faster than the 9070 but uses 38 percent more power. The XTs power consumption is similar to the RTX 5070 Tis a GPU it often matches and the 7900 XTs a GPU it always beats, so its not too egregious, but its not as standout as the 9070s. AMD gives 9070 owners a couple of new toggles for power limits, though, which well talk about in the next section. We dont normally dabble much with overclocking when we review CPUs or GPUswere happy to leave that to folks at other outlets. But when we review CPUs, we do usually test them with multiple power limits in place. Playing with power limits is easier and occasionally safer than actually overclocking, and it often comes with large gains to either performance a chip that performs much better when given more power to work with or efficiency a chip that can run at nearly full speed without using as much power. Initially, I experimented with the RX 9070s power limits by accident. AMD sent me one version of the 9070 but exchanged it because of a minor problem the OEM identified with some units early in the production run. I had, of course, already run most of our tests on it, but thats the way these things go sometimes. The replacement RX 9070 card, an ASRock Steel Legend model, was performing significantly better in our tests, sometimes nearly closing the gap between the 9070 and the XT. It wasnt until I tested power consumption that I discovered the explanationby default, it was using a 245 W power limit rather than the AMD-defined 220 W limit. Usually, these kinds of factory tweaks dont make much of a difference, but for the 9070, this power bump gave it a nice performance boost while still keeping it close to the 250 W power limit of the GeForce RTX 5070. The 90-series cards we tested both add some power presets to AMDs Adrenalin app in the Performance tab under Tuning. These replace andor complement some of the automated overclocking and undervolting buttons that exist here for older Radeon cards. Clicking Favor Efficiency or Favor Performance can ratchet the cards Total Board Power TBP up or down, limiting performance so that the card runs cooler and quieter or allowing the card to consume more power so it can run a bit faster. For this particular ASRock 9070 card, the default TBP is set to 245 W. Selecting Favor Efficiency sets it to the default 220 W. You can double-check these values using an app like HWInfo, which displays both the current TBP and the maximum TBP in its Sensors Status window. Clicking the Custom button in the Adrenalin software gives you access to a Power Tuning slider, which for our card allowed us to ratchet the TBP up by up to 10 percent or down by as much as 30 percent. This is all the firsthand testing we did with the power limits of the 9070 series, though I would assume that adding a bit more power also adds more overclocking headroom bumping up the power limits is common for GPU overclockers no matter who makes your card. AMD says that some of its partners will ship 9070 XT models set to a roughly 340 W power limit out of the box but acknowledges that you start seeing diminishing returns as you approach the top of that power efficiency curve. But its worth noting that the driver has another automated set-it-and-forget-it power setting you can easily use to find your preferred balance of performance and power efficiency. One of AMDs headlining improvements to the RX 90-series is the introduction of FSR 4, a new version of its FidelityFX Super Resolution upscaling algorithm. Like Nvidias DLSS and Intels XeSS, FSR 4 can take advantage of RDNA 4s machine learning processing power to do hardware-backed upscaling instead of taking a hardware-agnostic approach as the older FSR versions did. AMD says this will improve upscaling quality, but it also means FSR4 will only work on RDNA 4 GPUs. The good news is that FSR 3.1 and FSR 4 are forward- and backward-compatible. Games that have already added FSR 3.1 support can automatically take advantage of FSR 4, and games that support FSR 4 on the 90-series can just run FSR 3.1 on older and non-AMD GPUs. The only game in our current test suite to be compatible with FSR 4 is Horizon Zero Dawn Remastered, and we tested its performance using both FSR 3.1 and FSR 4. In general, we found that FSR 4 improved visual quality at the cost of just a few frames per second when run at the same settingsnot unlike using Nvidias recently released transformer model for DLSS upscaling. Many games will let you choose which version of FSR you want to use. But for FSR 3.1 games that dont have a built-in FSR 4 option, theres a toggle in AMDs Adrenalin driver you can hit to switch to the better upscaling algorithm. Even if they come with a performance hit, new upscaling algorithms can still improve performance by making the lower-resolution presets look better. We run all of our testing in Quality mode, which generally renders at two-thirds of native resolution and scales up. But if FSR 4 running in Balanced or Performance mode looks the same to your eyes as FSR 3.1 running in Quality mode, you can still end up with a net performance improvement in the end. Just 50 separates the advertised price of the 9070 from that of the 9070 XT, something both Nvidia and AMD have done in the past that I find a bit annoying. If you have 549 to spend on a graphics card, you can almost certainly scrape together 599 for a graphics card. All else being equal, Id tell most people trying to choose one of these to just spring for the 9070 XT. That said, availability and retail pricing for these might be all over the place. If your choices are a regular RX 9070 or nothing, or an RX 9070 at 549 and an RX 9070 XT at any price higher than 599, I would just grab a 9070 and not sweat it too much. The two cards arent that far apart in performance, especially if you bump the 9070s TBP up a little bit, and games that are playable on one will be playable at similar settings on the other. Weve got plenty of objective data in here, so I dont mind saying that I came into this review kind of wanting to like the 9070 and 9070 XT. Nvidias 50-series cards have mostly upheld the status quo, and for the last couple of years, the status quo has been sustained high prices and very modest generational upgrades. And who doesnt like an underdog story? I think our test results mostly justify my priors. The RX 9070 and 9070 XT are very competitive graphics cards, helped along by a particularly mediocre RTX 5070 refresh from Nvidia. In non-ray-traced games, both cards wipe the floor with the 5070 and come close to competing with the 749 RTX 5070 Ti. In games and synthetic benchmarks with ray-tracing effects on, both cards can usually match or slightly beat the similarly priced 5070, partially if not entirely addressing AMDs longstanding performance deficit here. Neither card comes close to the 5070 Ti in these games, but theyre also not priced like a 5070 Ti. Just as impressively, the Radeon cards compete with the GeForce cards while consuming similar amounts of power. At stock settings, the RX 9070 uses roughly the same amount of power under load as a 4070 Super but with better performance. The 9070 XT uses about as much power as a 5070 Ti, with similar performance before you turn ray-tracing on. Power efficiency was a small but consistent drawback for the RX 7000 series compared to GeForce cards, and the 9070 cards mostly erase that disadvantage. AMD is also less stingy with the RAM, giving you 16GB for the price Nvidia charges for 12GB. Some of the old caveats still apply. Radeons take a bigger performance hit, proportionally, than GeForce cards. DLSS already looks pretty good and is widely supported, while FSR 3.1FSR 4 adoption is still relatively low. Nvidia has a nearly monopolistic grip on the dedicated GPU market, which means many apps, AI workloads, and games support its GPUs bestfirstexclusively. AMD is always playing catch-up to Nvidia in some respect, and Nvidia keeps progressing quickly enough that it feels like AMD never quite has the opportunity to close the gap. AMD also doesnt have an answer for DLSS Multi-Frame Generation. The benefits of that technology are fairly narrow, and you already get most of those benefits with single-frame generation. But its still a thing that Nvidia does that AMDont. Overall, the RX 9070 cards are both awfully tempting competitors to the GeForce RTX 5070and occasionally even the 5070 Ti. Theyre great at 1440p and decent at 4K. Sure, Id like to see them priced another 50 or 100 cheaper to well and truly undercut the 5070 and bring 1440p-to-4K performance t0 a sub-500 graphics card. It would be nice to see AMD undercut Nvidias GPUs as ruthlessly as it undercut Intels CPUs nearly a decade ago. But these RDNA4 GPUs have way fewer downsides than previous-generation cards, and they come at a moment of relative weakness for Nvidia. Well see if the sales follow. Ars Technica has been separating the signal from the noise for over 25 years. With our unique combination of technical savvy and wide-ranging interest in the technological arts and sciences, Ars is the trusted source in a sea of information. After all, you dont need to know everything, only whats important.

Inflated pricing for the 9800X3D might make these more appealing to some buyers. AMDs Ryzen 7 9800X3D is probably the best CPU you can buy if youre trying to put together a fast gaming PC, thanks to its eight Zen 5 CPU cores and extra helping of 3D V-Cache. You dont really need more CPU cores than this to play games, and most games benefit from the extra cache more than they do from a bit of extra clock speed. AMD announced today that its following up the 9800X3D with two higher-end X3D processors next week. The 12-core Ryzen 9 9900X3D and 16-core Ryzen 9 9950X3D are both launching on March 12 for 599 and 699, respectively, the same as the launch pricing for the last-generation 7900X3D and 7950X3D but a couple hundred dollars more expensive than the current street pricing for the Ryzen 9900X and 9950X. AMD recommends the 9900X3D and 9950X3D to people whose gaming PCs also do other heavy-duty non-gaming work or for streamers whose gaming PCs are simultaneously running other apps. But they might also appeal to people who would normally just buy a 9800X3D because that processor has been difficult to find at its 479 MSRP since launching last fall. If a 9800X3D already costs nearly 600, why not spring for a faster chip if you can get one? Like the 7950X3D and 7900X3D, these new X3D chips combine a pair of AMDs CPU chiplets, one that has the extra 64MB of cache stacked underneath it and one that doesnt. For the 7950X3D, you get eight cores with extra cache and eight without for the 7900X3D, you get eight cores with extra cache and four without. Its up to AMDs chipset software to decide what kinds of apps get to run on each kind of CPU core. Non-gaming workloads prioritize the normal CPU cores, which are generally capable of slightly higher peak clock speeds, while games that benefit disproportionately from the extra cache are run on those cores instead. AMDs software can park the non-V-Cache CPU cores when youre playing games to ensure theyre not accidentally being run on less-suitable CPU cores. We didnt have issues with this core parking technology when we initially tested the 7950X3D and 7900X3D, and AMD has steadily made improvements since then to make sure that core parking is working properly. The new 9000-series X3D chips should benefit from that work, too. To get the best results, AMD officially recommends a fresh and fully updated Windows install, along with the newest BIOS for your motherboard and the newest AMD chipset drivers swapping out another Ryzen CPU for an X3D model or vice versa without reinstalling Windows can occasionally lead to CPUs being parked or not parked when they are supposed to be or not supposed to be. Ars Technica has been separating the signal from the noise for over 25 years. With our unique combination of technical savvy and wide-ranging interest in the technological arts and sciences, Ars is the trusted source in a sea of information. After all, you dont need to know everything, only whats important.

