The concepts are a nod to the yachting lifestyle. Chrissie McClatchie writes about travel, wine, and yachting from her home on the Côte dAzur, where she has lived for nearly two decades. Her stories have appeared in Condé Nast Traveler, BBC Travel, CNN Travel, and more. She is also a contributing author to four Lonely Planet guidebooks. Marc-Henry Cruise Holdings Ltd, Joint OwnerOperator Four Seasons Yachts Fresh from its January float-out at the Fincantieri shipyard in Ancona, Italyand ahead of its January 2026 launchthe culinary line-up of Four Seasons I is finally here. The 11 restaurant and bar concepts are a nod to the yachting lifestyle, Four Seasons Yachts announced, while also building upon the culinary excellence that Four Seasons is known for across over 600 restaurants and bars around the world, including 33 Michelin Stars across 24 restaurants. Its an impressive array of restaurants and bars for the 679-foot vessel, which has just 95 suites. Of the trio of restaurants on board, Sedna is positioned as the fine dining centerpiece. Billed as a stage for the worlds top culinary talent, it will welcome a rotation of master chefs-in-residence from Four Seasons restaurants. On the sailings when a guest chef is not onboard, the menu will showcase modern French techniques with global influences, the company said. The restaurant will also have a private dining room capable of hosting up to 10 people. Marc-Henry Cruise Holdings Ltd, Joint OwnerOperator Four Seasons Yachts Terrasse is set to be a breezy indoor-outdoor dining spot for breakfast, lunch, and dinner with an open kitchen, culinary stations for live cooking, a design that evokes the laid-back glamour of the Côte dAzur, and a menu of seasonal dishes made from local ingredients. Rounding out the restaurants, Miuna will invite just 16 guests per seating for an intimate omakase experience, complete with beverage pairings that include rare sake and Japanese-inspired cocktails. Each of the seven bars and lounges will also have a distinct character from elegant afternoon tea in Salon, the living room of Four Seasons I, to jeroboams of vintage rosés sipped by the pool at Bar Piscine, an outdoor venue that also promises a roaming Mojito bar where ice is carved straight from the block in front of guests. The adults-only terrace bar, Champagne  Caviar, will match rare caviar to Grand Cru and grower Champagnes, as well as other premium sparkling wines. Moroccan-inspired Horizon Lounge will serve up flavors of the Levant and exotic cocktails around a plunge pool, while Bar O will partner rare vintage liquors with tableside mixology and a glamorous Art Deco feel. Cigars will be paired with rare spirits and fine chocolate inside the opulent Cigar Lounge. Open on days when Four Seasons I is at anchor, the sea level Marina Bar at the aft of the vessel will have beach club vibes with sun loungers and a menu of light bites. At night, fold-out platforms will extend to transform the venue into a stargazing deck, complete with cocktail service. Rounding the culinary experiences out is Pistachio, the pastel-pretty café for sweet treats and fresh coffee. Our restaurants and bars are the heartbeat of our hotels, and when we set sail in 2026, the same will be true aboard Four Seasons I, creating moments of connection, celebration and culinary excellence at sea, Alejandro Reynal, president and CEO Four Seasons, said in the statement provided to Travel  Leisure. The company added that complimentary breakfast will be served daily and all other dining and beverage experiences will be offered à la carte. Childrens menus are available and guests five and under will dine for free. Four Seasons I will debut in January 2026 in the Caribbean for winter and spring sailings, before crossing over to the Mediterranean for summer itineraries.

National parks, pristine coasts, and spectacular forests set these states apart from all the others. Lydia Mansel is a writer with more than eight years of experience editing and writing for both brands and online publicationswith a particular focus on travel, fashion, and lifestyle. Shes also the founder of the travel site justpacked.com. There are always endless reasons to plan a trip abroad, but there are just as many to travel domestically within the U.S. At the top of that list is the diversity of our countrys natural landscapes. We have everythingfrom arid deserts and lush rainforests to heavily forested mountains and even majestic glaciers. Waterfalls, gorges, rolling hills, and coastal scenes are also prominent, depending on where you go. When it comes to natural beauty, however, some states rank slightly higher than others. So with the help of a few U.S.-based travel experts, we rounded up the best of the best. Below, in no particular order, are the most naturally beautiful states in the U.S. Violetta SmirnovaTravel  Leisure From dramatic and lush mountaintops to red-hued canyons and thundering waterfalls, ringed by jaw-dropping coastlines, the Pacific Island paradise of Hawaii is hands-down the most naturally beautiful state in the U.S., says Janice Moskoff, founder and editor of Gather  Go Travel. Though there are many ways to immerse yourself in Hawaiis splendorincluding surfing, hiking, boat tours, and scenic drivesshe recommends one in particular To experience it best, book a once-in-a-lifetime helicopter ride over islands like Kauai, where you can catch an unforgettable aerial view of Manawaiopuna Falls or the iconic Napali Coast. Jon MattrischTravel  Leisure With red rock canyons, cacti as far as the eye can see, dark sky parks, and spectacular sunsets, Arizona is easily one of the most beautiful states, says Kirsten Maxwell, the content creator behind Groups Are a Trip. To witness the sheer diversity in the landscapes, she suggests checking out the unique formations of Antelope Canyon and the Grand Canyon, the sandstone rocks of Sedona, and the endless miles of cacti in Saguaro National Park. Moskoff also recommends a similar itinerary, adding that travelers will gain a life-changing perspective gazing over the breathtaking chasm of the Grand Canyon. Taylor McIntyreTravel  Leisure Utah bats well above average when it comes to natural beautyand its one state that continues to amaze and surprise me whenever I get a chance to visit. Not only does it lay claim to the Mighty Five national parksBryce Canyon, Zion, Canyonlands, Capitol Reef, and Archesbut it also boasts gorgeous lakes dont miss Bear Lake, also known as the Caribbean of the Rockies, hot springs, and an abundance of mountains in all shapes and sizes. Its no wonder millions of visitors, myself included, make their way to the Beehive State every year to hike, backpack, bike, and ski among the most pristine landscapes. Taylor McIntyreTravel  Leisure You simply cant talk about the natural beauty found in the United States without mentioning Alaska. With eight national parks within its boundariesincluding Denali National Park and Preserve, Kenai Fjords National Park, and Glacier Bay National Park and Preservethis is a state where travelers can experience true wilderness. Mountains, glaciers, and rivers all define the incredible landscape, but some of the most stunning scenes are found overhead. The aurora borealis is known to frequent Alaskan skies between late August and mid-April. Kelsey GlennonTravel  Leisure North Carolina is another state where natural beauty is found in various forms. The dozens of waterfalls in Highlands, for instance, are photogenic in every way. Theres no question that Great Smoky Mountains National Park is one of the states highlights, too after all, its regularly one of the most-visited parks in the U.S. Im also fond of the North Carolina coast. The Outer Banks and the beaches on the Brunswick Islands offer some of the best sunsets youll ever seenot to mention, the wide, flat, relatively uncrowded beaches are unbeatable for a relaxing getaway. Jon MattrischTravel  Leisure Texas is proof that theres no one definition of beauty. Some travelers may immediately fall for the ruggedness of Big Bend National Park, while others may prefer the rolling landscape of Texas Hill Country. There are also the states waterfront areas Padre Island National Seashore, Caddo Lake, and the Medina River are all worthy of a visit. And if you go beneath the surface, youll discover even more natural beauty. Natural Bridge Caverns and the Caverns of Sonora are undeniably some of the most incredible sites in the Lone Star State. Irjaliina PaavonperaTravel  Leisure Washington is one of those states where natural beauty reigns supreme. Its famously home to three national parksMount Rainier National Park, Olympic National Park, and North Cascades National Parkand it attracts visitors from around the world who want to see its beaches, rainforests, waterfalls, glaciers, mountains, and active volcanoes for themselves. If youve already explored the major parks but cant get enough of the state, add Snoqualmie Falls, Steptoe Butte State Park, and the Coulee Corridor National Scenic Byway to your upcoming travel plans. Chris MarinaccioTravel  Leisure Jackson Hole may have been my initial introduction to the Cowboy State, but Ive since discovered Wyomings beauty extends far beyond the jagged Tetons. Once youve checked Grand Teton National Park off your list, start to look elsewheremaybe north to Yellowstone National Park, southeast to Medicine Bow-Routt National Forest and Curt Gowdy State Park, and over to Devils Tower National Monument in the northeast corner of the state, possibly driving the Bighorn Scenic Byway along the way. Violetta SmirnovaTravel  Leisure As a frequent traveler, I feel that Rhode Island is a hidden gem among the most naturally beautiful states, says Dominic Brown, owner of TallTravelEats. The state may not be bigin fact, its the smallest of the 50 statesbut it has a multitude of places to find unparalleled beauty. Visit Sachuest Point National Wildlife Refuge to see the 242-acre wintering area for migratory birds in Middletown, or stop in Beavertail State Park for an amazing coastline view. Block Island is another seaside spot that grants visitors access to some of the most stunning beaches in the Northeast. Jon MattrischTravel  Leisure If your only idea of Tennessee is the buzzing nightlife and various human-made attractions in Nashville, its time to expand your understanding of the Volunteer State. Everyone knows about Great Smoky Mountains National Park, but the state is also home to countless underground attractions due to the areas karst formations including the largest underground lake in the country, The Lost Sea, and the tallest underground waterfall in the U.S., Ruby Falls, explains Maxwell. You dont necessarily have to go underground to find exceptional beauty, though. She also suggests checking out the Twin Arches natural rock formation and the Tennessee River Gorge. DenisTangneyJrGetty Images There are many amazing places to take in Virginias stunning diverse landscapes, says Brown, noting that the Belle Isle Suspension Bridge in Richmond is one of his favorites. The bridge is an excellent place to capture Richmonds natural beauty, hike, bike, or just relax. As a fellow Virginian, Id also recommend a drive along the Blue Ridge Parkway especially during the fall, a trip up to the wild beaches of Assateague and Chincoteague, a long hike in Great Falls Park, and a stop to see the 215-foot-tall limestone arch found in Natural Bridge State Park. Irjaliina PaavonperaTravel  Leisure It is nearly impossible to choose which feature of this almost 800-mile-long state is most beautiful, says Moskoff. Could it be the sweeping coastlines of the Pacific Coast Highway or the awe-inspiring redwoods towering over its natural spaces? Perhaps instead, it is the romantically beautiful rolling hills of its wine countries or its starker desert landscapes that give rise to the singularly distinctive Joshua Trees and riots of wildflowers if you are fortunate to visit during a super bloom. Brown also calls out the stunning scenery and tall trees at Yosemite National Park, a destination he says all nature lovers should have on their U.S. bucket list. Christopher LarsonTravel  Leisure Colorado is a state full of natural beauty and treasures, says Brown, who specifically recommends stopping in Glenwood Springs to relax in the natural hot springs. Iron Mountain Hot Springs is nestled between the mountains, giving visitors a picturesque view of the beautiful surrounding area. Colorado is also the home of Rocky Mountain National Park, where summer wildflowers and fall foliage create miles and miles of picture-perfect views the Great Sand Dunes National Park and Preserve, which contains the tallest dunes in North America and the Garden of the Gods, a geological formation of red rocks dating back more than 300 million years. Irjaliina PaavonperaTravel  Leisure Maxwell calls Montana one of the most perfect places on Earth, and if youve ever explored the Treasure State, youll likely agree. Of course, a significant amount of its natural beauty is found in Glacier National Park. Blanketed in coniferous forest, dotted with alpine lakes and turquoise waterfalls and the glaciers that feed them, Glacier is inarguably gorgeous. Set against the white-capped mountains of three mountain ranges that crisscross the park, a visit here will plunge you into the pristine wilderness of the Western U.S. as few other places or experiences can, says Moskoff. Cynthia Farr-WeinfeldGetty Images If you love dramatic fogs along rocky and forest-covered coastlines followed by sunshine that reflects technicolor against the ever-present water, then you might find the natural beauty of Maine breathtaking, too, says Moskoff. Whether you venture up to Maine for fresh lobster rolls and pleasant beach weather in the summer, or wait until the fall, when the foliage starts to change, youre guaranteed to see some of the most wondrous sights. One of the best ways to take in the beauty is getting out on the water, and Moskoff recommends kayaking or taking a boat tour on the Gulf of Maine. You can also immerse yourself in the dense trees and lakes of the state by hiking iconic trails like the Appalachian Trail or the favorites in Acadia National Park, like the Beehive Loop, she says.

Clemson, South Carolina  home of Clemson University  has a growing downtown with a new hotel championing inclusivity. Elizabeth Rhodes is a special projects editor at Travel  Leisure, covering everything from luxury hotels to theme parks to must-pack travel products. Originally from South Carolina, Elizabeth moved to New York City from London, where she started her career as a travel blogger and writer. Chad RobertsonGetty Images Tucked in the foothills of the Blue Ridge Mountains along the shore of Lake Hartwell, Clemson is located in South Carolinas rural Upstate region. The quaint downtown is lined with shops selling purple-and-orange merch, student-filled sports bars, and a crop of new local businesses. I graduated from Clemson University in 2018, fully indoctrinated into Tigers fandom. I grew up on the other side of the states biggest rivalry, raised in a University of South Carolina family, but I was drawn to the universitys small-town setting it felt like a Clemson bubble, where everything was all Clemson, all the time. Though it has grown in recent years, with the addition of new shopping centers, apartment complexes, and campus expansions, the Clemson University spirit remains central to the towns identity. Clemson is a great college town, first and foremost, because of the people. The people are amazing, Clemson University president Jim Clements says. Dabo and I absolutely love living in Clemson. We raised our three sons in this amazing small town where people are genuinely happy and look out for each other, says Kathleen Swinney, vice chair of Dabos All In Team Foundation and wife of Dabo Swinney, Clemsons head football coach, enthuses. All three of our sons attended or are attending Clemson and have earned multiple degrees. The college life, from academics to athletics, is one of the best in the country. With a full-time population of 17,681, Clemson residents are outnumbered by the nearly 30,000 Clemson University undergraduate and graduate students. But what makes this small South Carolina college town so special for those who spend four years here and others who make it their home? Dont just take this alums word for it  we also spoke to locals to find out. Benton HenryCourtesy of The Shepherd Hotel Clemson is an exceptional college town because it seamlessly blends academic excellence with an inclusive, welcoming community. Our beautiful surroundings, vibrant local economy, and strong school spirit create an environment where everyone can thrive, Clemson mayor Robert Halfacre says. The desire to create a more inclusive Clemson extends beyond the university to the local businesses throughout the small town. When commercial property developer Rich Davies and hospitality and property management executive Rick Hayduk teamed up to open The Shepherd Hotel, a boutique property in downtown Clemson, they had a specific purpose in mind to positively impact the lives of others. They realized a need for a high-end boutique hotel in Clemson, but also saw an opportunity to create jobs  and a secure, welcoming environment  for students in the ClemsonLIFE program. ClemsonLIFE prepares students with intellectual disabilities for employment and independent living through academics and work experience at many local businesses, plus offers a specific Hospitality Certificate Program. Tanner Smith, breakout social media star of Netflixs Love on the Spectrum U.S. season two, brought the spotlight to the program and to The Shepherd Hotel, where he works. Hayduk was inspired by his daughter, Jamison, who has Down syndrome, to create a hotel that employs people with disabilities. And since developing and opening the property with Davies in 2022, theyve been able to do just that, providing both internships and student jobs and a long-term, stable career track for ClemsonLIFE students, right here in Clemson, where theres a supportive community for students and residents of all abilities. The goal? To have a staff thats around 30 percent or more employees with intellectual disabilities. Clemson is a place where a welcoming spirit stemming from its humble beginnings intersect with the excitement of tomorrow and the possibilities that lie ahead. A place where you feel the authenticity of a warm greeting, the care of a downtown business, and the bond with ClemsonLIFE students, Davies says. Its impossible not to feel the joy that exists in Clemson, where residents and students intersect to create the warmth of the Clemson family. And Hayduk and Davies are just getting started  the two aim to grow The Shepherd Hotel brand with new locations that provide more opportunities to people with disabilities who want to work in hospitality. Courtesy of Charlestowne Hotels The Shepherd Hotel is located in downtown Clemson, just steps from all the action on College Avenue. The 67-room boutique property offers comfortable accommodations, from the standard king room to the spacious Shepherd Suite, all featuring artwork created by ClemsonLIFE students, sleep sound machines, and smart TVs. Delish Sisters serves globally inspired eats for breakfast, lunch, and dinner, and Thomas Bar is the ideal spot to grab a craft cocktail or indulge in the new afternoon tea service, offered Tuesday to Thursday. The Abernathy is a 41-room boutique hotel located just a five-minute walk from Memorial Stadium. Comfortable rooms, complimentary bicycles, and pet-friendly accommodations make this a great place to stay for game weekends or when touring the school. About 45 minutes from Clemson, the Grand Bohemian Lodge Greenville, Autograph Collection is located right on Falls Park on the Reedy in the heart of charming Greenville, South Carolina, just a short walk to local shops and restaurants. I recommend tacking on a day or two to your trip so you can explore this vibrant city, which has plenty of local festivals and events, like Artisphere, Euphoria, and Fall for Greenville, that are worth planning a trip around. Getty Images Despite growing up in South Carolina, where college football is inextricably linked with Saturdays in the fall, I wasnt much of a fan  until I went to my first Clemson game during my freshman year of college. Famously known as the most exciting 25 seconds in college football, players rub the lucky Howards Rock and run down the hill and onto the field at Memorial Stadium, also known as Death Valley. The town of under 20,000 full-time residents quadruples in size as the 80,000-seat stadium fills with fans in purple and orange on game days. With tailgates set up throughout campus and sprawling in the lots around the stadium, the game-day buzz is unbeatable. Theres more to Clemsons campus than academic buildings and pretty quads. Take President Clements list There are so many cant-miss spots here at Clemson  Death Valley, the Scroll of Honor, Lake Hartwell, the Snow Family Outdoor Fitness and Wellness Complex, 55 Exchange, Bowman Field, College Avenue, the South Carolina Botanical Garden, the Green Crescent Trail, the Brooks Center for the Performing Arts, multiple museums, and the Walker Golf Course  just to name a few. Clemson is also breathtaking. Were situated right beside Lake Hartwell and at the foot of the Blue Ridge Mountains, Clements says. Get out on Lake Hartwell with a boat rental from Clemson Marina, or paddle around Lake Keowee with a kayak or paddleboard rented from Unlimited Outfitters. College Avenue is the heart of downtown Clemson, so no trip to this college town is complete without stopping in some of the local small businesses that sell every kind of Clemson merchandise imaginable. With the spots below in mind, I guarantee youll come home with at least one tiger-themed souvenir. Courtesy of The Fizz Boutique Orange and purple arent reserved for game days. Students, faculty, and locals don their best Clemson attire every week for Solid Orange Fridays. Join the fun and visit one of the many shops selling Clemson apparel Mr. Knickerbocker, Judge Kellers Store, and Tiger Sports Shop are some favorites. The go-to spot for graduating students wanting to get their diplomas framed, Clemson Variety  Frame also sells a range of university-focused goods, from homewares to tailgate supplies and memorabilia. It comes recommended by several of our local experts, including Hayduk, who calls it a local gem with friendly faces and a fantastic selection of Clemson gear. For more than 50 years, M.H. Frank has been selling menswear in downtown Clemson. Whether youre looking for everyday apparel, formal clothing, or game-day attire that goes beyond the basic T-shirt, this store has you covered. According to Davies, M.H. Frank offers the ultimate in personal attention and care along with world-class mens clothing selections. To coin a phrase from an old sitcom, its a place where everybody knows your name and what size you wear. The Fizz Boutique offers a one-stop shop for ladies fashion and unique gifts, well-loved by guests and a good complement to the neighboring M.H. Frank, according to Hayduk. Stop in to find tailgate-ready purple and orange tops, dresses, and more. Courtesy of Clemson University A former gas station from the 1930s, The Esso Club  located just a short walk from Death Valley  is now a Clemson institution. It has all your classic sports bar bites  wings, sandwiches, and just about anything you can fry  plus Southern meat-and-three specials think mains like fried chicken, barbecue pork, or fried catfish with sides like slaw, collards, mac and cheese, and fried okra. Bryan Lee, president of the Clemson Area Chamber of Commerce, recommends The Esso Club and the nearby Sullys Steamers, East Coast Wings  Grill, and Palmettos Smokehouse  Oyster Bar, all located downtown. About a 10-minute drive from campus, The Smokin Pig of Pendleton is another fan favorite  here, barbecue and all the fixings. This is also a popular game-day choice lots of families pick up platters of pulled pork, pints of sides, and gallons of sweet tea for their tailgates. Every college town needs a great college bar. And those great college bars  in all their sticky-floored glory  arent about swanky cocktails or a fine-dining experience theyre all about nostalgia and a probably-too-strong cocktail thats the unofficial town drink here, its orange slushy Jet Fuel. Walking around downtown post-grad, I was surprised by how much had changed with the half-dozen or so bars that line College Avenue, but Tiger Town Tavern, which dates back to 1977, is still one of the first stops my friends and I make when we go back to visit. Loose Change, just down the street, is another personal favorite. For a sweet afternoon treat, Davies recommends Andees Custom Blended Ice Cream, where you can choose from 55-plus mix-ins to create your ultimate ice cream flavor. The ice cream is fantastic, and its underpinned by the notion that anything is possible, which I love. You can literally create any blend of ice cream ingredients. Being there makes us feel like students again, he adds. Because you can never have too many sweet treats, plan to also stop by the 55 Exchange as you tour Clemsons campus. Students create the flavors, manufacture the ice cream, and serve the scoops at this shop, so grab a cone to enjoy while you walk around. And dont forget to pick up some famous Clemson blue cheese, also produced on campus. Jumping RocksUniversal Images GroupGetty Images Clemson is beautiful throughout the year winters are mild, spring is lush and green, and summer is perfect lake weather. That said, nothing compares to the energy and excitement of a fall game day, and combined with the changing leaves and cooling temperatures, these autumn weekends are certainly the best time to visit. Were biased, but we love fall in Clemson because that means its football season. But you really cant go wrong  Clemson truly is in season every season, says Swinney. Flight and hotel prices are significantly higher when theres a home game, but its worth it to experience the electric atmosphere and see the throngs of fans decked out in purple and orange. This year, homecoming will be held on September 28 returning alumni and visitors can look forward to the annual Tigerama celebration, floats on Bowman Field, and more. The Clemson Tigers take on the University of South Carolina Gamecocks in the states biggest rivalry game, the Palmetto Bowl, typically on the Saturday of Thanksgiving weekend. If youre hoping to plan a quieter trip, aim for early summer after graduation. Chad RobertsonGetty Images Clemson is located in rural Upstate South Carolina. Greenville  a charming South Carolina city well worth visiting before or after your trip to Clemson  is a 45-minute drive away. Greenville-Spartanburg International Airport GSP is served by seven airlines, with more than 100 daily nonstop flights to 20-plus destinations around the United States. Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport ATL and Charlotte Douglas International Airport CLT in Charlotte, North Carolina, are two major air travel hubs located about 2.5 hours from Clemson by car. Amtraks Crescent line also stops in Clemson. Plan to rent a car and drive to Clemson from the airport and explore the surrounding area. Ride-share services are available, but as Lee points out, Many of our hotels are walking distance to downtown, where the majority of our shops are located. You can park the car for the weekend and explore on foot once you arrive.

Product recommendations to elevate every trip you take Since 1971, Travel  Leisure editors have followed one mission to inform, inspire, and guide travelers to have deeper, more meaningful experiences. TLs editors have traveled to countries all over the world, having flown, sailed, road tripped, and taken the train countless miles. Theyve visited small towns and big cities, hidden gems and popular destinations, beaches and mountains, and everything in between. With a breadth of knowledge about destinations around the globe, air travel, cruises, hotels, food and drinks, outdoor adventure, and more, they are able to take their real-world experience and provide readers with tried-and-tested trip ideas, in-depth intel, and inspiration at every point of a journey. Travel  Leisure  Conor Ralph A lot goes into planning a trip from the time you select your destination and book your travel to the moment you arrive. The most important step, if you ask us? Selecting and packing the right gear. Elevate a red-eye flight with the best travel pillow for your sleep style, an eye mask, and noise-canceling headphones to arrive at your destination rested and ready to explore. Stay comfortable during a full day of sightseeing with the right shoes, layers, and accessories so you can skip the spontaneous souvenir sweatshirt or umbrella purchase when conditions change unexpectedly. And pack your belongings in a lightweight yet durable bag, so you can fly confidently knowing your valuables are safe while also avoiding any overweight baggage fees. In other words, having the right gear on hand contributes to a smooth and enjoyable travel experience so you can focus all your attention on your vacation  as it should be. We know that when it comes to shopping for these travel essentials, there is a lot of noise and information out there. With so many brands, options, and price points to sift through  whether youre shopping for luggage, apparel, or outdoor gear  finding the right products for your trip can be overwhelming. At Travel  Leisure, our editors and experts take on that challenge for you by researching and testing thousands of products every year to recommend the best for your vacations and value  and only those top choices receive our seal of approval. Travel  Leisure  Conor Ralph The first step to all of our tests is extensive research. We interview experts in the industry  everyone from flight attendants to walking tour guides to outdoor experts and product designers  to find out what to look for in every product category we test. With that information on hand, we take those experts product suggestions and also scour the web to find top-rated products beloved by customers and travelers to narrow down the finalists for our tests. Finally, we purchase the products we want to test and send them to our New York City testing lab or out to our network of travel editors and experts to use on their trips. Travel  Leisure  Tamara Staples Next, we craft a rigorous methodology that targets key attributes of that product type  in other words, the things you would care about most in a product. For luggage, we test for capacity, maneuverability, and durability. For shoes and apparel, we test for comfort, fit, design, and more. Every product is then tested according to the same methodology and treated equally regardless of brand and price point  we test a 100 suitcase the same way we test a 1,000 suitcase, and that includes hitting them with a baseball bat to test durability. Yes, its really fun. During every test, we collect both qualitative responses like how easy it is to wheel a suitcase over cobblestone versus carpet and quantitative data how many minutes it takes to manually inflate a standup paddleboard or set up a tent. We capture photos throughout our testing to spotlight the most important features of each product and give you a behind-the-scenes look into our process. Travel  Leisure  Nathaniel Allen After a test, we spend hours sifting through the notes and scores each product received, along with other key specs and price points, to determine which ones deserve our seal of approval. Within our set of winners, we also call out which products serve a particular purpose  the best overall our favorite from the test, the best lightweight, the most durable, the most affordable, the most comfortable, and more  so that you can find the best option for your specific needs. However, just because we love a product and it makes our list, that doesnt mean its perfect. In our reviews, were honest about what we like and what we dont like, so you know exactly what youre buying. A product might check all the boxes from the test, but maybe its less size-inclusive than other brands, has unclear setup instructions, or uses a lot more unnecessary packaging. We call that out for you. Once we publish content with our recommendations, thats not the end. Since we test products over long periods of time up to a year and also test new releases and models as they become available, we update our lists regularly with new information. Our top priority is making sure that you are happy with the products you purchase based on our recommendations. Were picky about the products we travel with, and we think you should be, too. Having the right gear can make a world of difference in comfort and convenience when you travel, and our mission is to provide you with product recommendations that will elevate every trip you take. Travel  Leisure  Margot Cavin If you choose to purchase a product through one of our links, we may receive an affiliate commission. However, our recommendations are editorial and independent, purely based on rigorous testing and researching processes by our editors. We only recommend products that meet our high standards. We purchase almost all of the products we test if we do receive an editorial sample for consideration, we never promise coverage, and we test that item alongside similar products.

We know a thing or two about luggage at Travel  Leisure and rigorously test suitcases and bags of all types, all year long. Whether youre someone who refuses to check a suitcase or the type of traveler who likes to stroll onto the plane with only a fanny pack, weve researched hardside suitcases that can survive baggage claim, soft-sided items you can stuff to the very last inch, and backpacks, totes, and smaller bags, too. At the end of the day, nothing slows you down more than the wrong bag in the wrong place at the wrong time.

Sample fresh brews, try your hand at picking beans and roam the cloud forests and volcanic peaks of northern Nicaraguas coffee trail. Though today damp mists linger low over its forest-coated mountain peaks, Nicaragua was forged in volcano fire. Welts seared into the landscape have become todays fertile valleys and scorching pools of molten lava birthed scenic crater lakes. That nutrient-rich volcanic soil, the head-spinning altitudes and the heavy heat of the tropical Central American climate converge to create the ideal climes for coffee cultivation. As interest in Nicaragua amongst travellers continues to grow, most visitors congregate in west coast hubs like San Juan del Sur, Granada and León, but far fewer venture to the prime coffee country in Nicaraguas north, offering a chance to bypass the backpacker crowds and explore small-hold haciendas and self-sustaining farms. Amid the mountains, the city of Matagalpa sits in the centre of Nicaraguas coffee country. Three peaks oversee each street in the sloping city Arenal, Cerro Apante and Cerro Frio. Travellers who bypass the city miss out on the whitewashed walls of the Cathedral of San Pedro Apostle, caffeine consumption contextualisation at the Museo de Cafe and a deep dive into Nicaraguas revolutionary history at Casa Museo Comandante Carlos Fonseca. Make an ascent up the encircling mountains to el Castillo del Cacao to learn about growing, harvesting and processing cocoa amid kitsch medieval-mimicking architecture. Further into the forested interior, Selva Negra Ecolodge hosts a range of tours of Matagalpas mountainous surrounds, starting with its own sprawling coffee farm. Learn to craft the perfect cup, starting at the seed, on a walk through the lodges farmland, nurseries and organic laboratory. Recoup after a humid hike over the fertile hills with a steaming mug of fresh brewed, single Nicaraguan source coffee. Conserving a third of their property as virgin cloud forest and another third as land for growing coffee beans, the highland resorts unobstructed jungles still ring with cacophonic howler monkey cries. Chart a course north east to the smaller city of Estelí, which is surrounded by natural reserves, including the cloud forests of Miraflor and the jungle of Bosawás  Central Americas largest protected rainforest. Start the day with breakfast at Café Luz, a social enterprise serving dishes produced with ingredients sourced from local gardens and coffee produced by local small coffee growers. Take a break from the coffee quest and visit Miraflor Natural Reserve  where theres a chance to glimpse the resplendent and revered quetzals, long-billed toucans and colourful parakeets, which call the reserve home. Back in Estelí, browse the towns small family-owned leather and crafts shops or learn how classic Nicaraguan cigars are made with a lesson at the TaviCusa factory. These vast forests sprawl into the department of Jinotega, another stretch of humid mountainside primed for coffee cultivation. Its small eponymous city is dubbed the city of mists for the omnipresence of the low forest fog and, while its known to locals for its coffee production, its barely known to outsiders at all. Stay on one of the undisturbed streets lined by colonial-style buildings, fuelling up for your excursions with sweet plantain fritters stuffed with black beans, which are sold in the streetside market stalls. Pay a visit to Recreo Coffee  Roasterie, a family-owned estate surrounded by trees and secluded in the Jinotega mountains. Visitors can stay overnight in the farmhouse, spending a whole day walking through the process of cultivating, harvesting, roasting and brewing coffee. Head next to La Bastilla Estate, just beyond the bounds of the Datanlí-el Diablo Nature Reserve. Spy rare orchids along the reserves riverside trails before sleeping under the spell of sonorous jungle sounds in on-site La Bastilla Ecolodge. Finish your caffeine-fuelled tour further north, up on the brink of the Nicaraguan-Honduran border, in Somoto. Another small city tucked into the verdant hills, it serves as the gateway for the scenic canyon of the same name. In a landscape pockmarked by bat-filled caves and secluded natural swimming pools, the canyon crag carves through the ashen volcanic earth. Hike the vast black rocks, float on a rubber ring through the canyons centre, or ride horses above the action on the rim of the canyon. Recoup from your adventure in one of Somotos busy bakeries, such as Taller de Rosquillas Maricruz. Join in a favoured local tradition of pairing rosquillas sweet cornflour doughnut-shaped cookies with hot mugs of single-source brew. Copyright  1996-2015 National Geographic SocietyCopyright  2015-2025 National Geographic Partners, LLC. All rights reserved

From the Yorkshire moors to the Cornish seaside, these alluring spots make for a classic British holiday. Whether youre longing to fill your lungs with sea air or are looking to spend some quiet days rambling through the countryside, these UK destinations are all perfectly suited to spring travel. From the Queen of Welsh resorts to the region thats home to the UKs rarest butterfly species, these are 15 of the best destinations to escape to this Easter holiday and beyond. The West Midlands county of Staffordshire was once a powerhouse of innovation, taking 18th-century Britain into a ground-breaking future with its nascent pottery, glass, iron, coal and brewing industries. The powerhouse tag may no longer quite ring true but the heritage remains, with its canal system just one welcome leftover from the period. The overall impression these days is decidedly more rural than industrial. The moorlands and dales of the Peak District extend into its northeastern fringes, while gentle valleys and hills, punctuated by stone-built villages, define much of the region elsewhere. Near the centre of England come for easy activities, unique accommodation and a smattering of that industrial heritage. Discover North Staffordshire, the historic pottery hot spot in the heart of England. Wiltshire may well be the most mysterious county in England. Its home to the countrys densest concentration of Neolithic remains  among them, the blockbuster that is Stonehenge  and a scattering of 13 giant white horses carved into hillsides and visible for miles around. Ask what theyre for or why theyre there and the response is commonly a shrug and a who knows?. The attractions lose none of their appeal for being enigmatic, however. This is a largely rural county of chalkland hills, where mist clings to valley floors and lingers in woodlands long after the sun has risen  myth and fable seem in-built into the landscape. And when youre done pondering the questions left to us by our ancient predecessors, there are inviting pubs to retreat to in pretty villages. Nothing dispels a sense of mysticism quicker than a pint of local ale enjoyed by the fireside. Theres more to this English county than just Stonehenge. In medieval times, the bones of St Andrew, patron saint of Scotlands Pictish people, were brought to a small, wind-worn town atop a sandstone plateau in Fife, on the countrys east coast. These relics conferred such celebrity that a bishop took up residence, a great cathedral was commissioned and the town  now known as St Andrews  became the countrys ecclesiastical capital. Today, St Andrews ruined, roofless cathedral yawns at the heavens, and parts of the towns medieval castle have tumbled into the sea. You might think this would dent St Andrews appeal  quite the opposite. These skeletal remains give the towns coastline a spectral beauty thats best appreciated in winter, after the golfers that descend each summer have cleared out. Another draw is that Fifes spirits industry  once feared dead  has reawakened, with whisky and gin distilleries putting the region back on the map. The best place to try them is at a traditional pub or by a hotel fire, after a windswept walk between desolate beaches. What to see in St Andrews, Scotlandbeyond the golf course. Strung along a bay in southwest England, Weymouth still possesses many of the characteristics that once charmed Georgian and Victorian holidaymakers the children waving from bulb-lit carousels, the boats slung with nets of rock oysters, the fisherfolk unloading the days catch in a harbour backed by pastel-hued houses. In many ways, its the quintessential English seaside town  only with a clifftop fortress and a World Heritage Site thrown in for good measure. Set on the UNESCO-listed Jurassic Coast, a 95-mile stretch of fossil-rich cliffs and beaches straddling Devon and Dorset, it serves as an ideal base for those looking to delve into the geology of the surrounding landscape. Wind-lashed isles are within easy reach, while exhilarating boat trips along the coast offer a fresh perspective on Dorsets marine life and otherworldly rock formations. Welcome to Weymouth, the British seaside resort with a twist. Set between the national parks of the Lake District, Yorkshire Dales and Northumberland, the green mountains of the North Pennines rise like dragons spines to form a rugged dividing line across the country. The region offers some of the finest qualities of its more famous neighbours  glorious hillwalking, ancient ruins and industrial heritage  but is a quieter alternative for those seeking an adventure in the wilds of northern England. A region of gushing cascades and gusty slopes, its not hard to see why the area  a National Landscape and UNESCO Global Geopark  has long stoked the fires of the imagination. Folklore tells of red-cloaked ghosts that dwell in waterfalls demonic river sprites and spectral horse-drawn carriages rattling along country roads. But its in the realm of reality, not myth, that this region is at its most remarkable. Amid the natural beauty of its landscapes, humanity has made its mark in spectacular ways, with the scars of old quarries and lead mines now havens for wildlife. The North Pennines also make a quiet base from which to explore the longest and best-preserved stretch of Hadrians Wall, one of the most remarkable Roman monuments, just across the border in Northumberland. This mountain range should be on every tour of northern England. Driving into the North York Moors National Park is a bit like delving into the pages of The Secret Garden  it was indeed these heather-clothed moorlands that inspired Frances Hodgson Burnetts 1911 novel. Granted, this pocket of North Yorkshire might not be such a secret  its hiking paths, country pubs and historic villages have magnetic appeal, and for good reason. Throw in the Howardian Hills Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty AONB, which sits on the southern edge of the national park, and youve got yourself one of the UKs most idyllic getaways. Follow in the footsteps of monks and literary giants on the North York Moors. A Victorian favourite once billed as the Queen of Welsh resorts, Llandudno has kept much of the charm that made it so popular. The curving promenade framing Llandudno Bay, the aroma of fish and chips wafting in the air, pastel-coloured art deco houses lining the seafront and old-fashioned amusements on Llandudno Pier all combine to deliver a quintessential British seaside break. The town also serves as gateway to a wealth of natural attractions in Eryri Snowdonia National Park and water-based adventures in Colwyn Bay. And a stay in Llandudno can be combined with a trip to Conwy, across the river of the same name, which has a mighty castle and Britains smallest house. A break in Llandudno, a vintage Welsh beachside resort with enduring appeal. The beauty of the River Stour and its valley has long attracted artists, not least John Constable, whose paintings gave the area its Constable Country sobriquet. This slice of Essex and Suffolk countryside, with its mills, vineyards and walking trails, continues to inspire to this day. In Dedham, one of its most popular villages, the Art  Craft Centre has work from over 60 artisans and collectors for sale to get involved, join a painting course at the 15th-century manor house of Dedham Hall. A UK break in the Stour Valley  the scenic, underexplored corner of Essex. It has the country pubs, antique shops and honey-hued market towns of the Cotswolds, and the chilled, waterside vibe of the Lake District, and yet many havent heard of it. Rutland, Englands smallest county, takes its Latin motto to heart multum in parvo, much in little. Midway between Cambridge and Nottingham, in the East Midlands, with the 3,100-acre inland sea of Rutland Water at its heart, its a place that feels made for a restorative weekend break  and with countryside bolthole The Barnsdale getting a recent makeover, theres never been a better time to go. A UK break in Rutland  waterside adventure in Englands smallest county. Alfred the Great made Winchester Englands first capital in 871, and the Hampshire city long remained at the centre of the action. Narrow streets of medieval and Georgian buildings hint at its past. The nearby South Downs National Park can also be accessed via the South Downs Way. A 100-mile-long walking and cycling route, the trail starts in Winchester and stretches to Eastbourne. A UK break in Winchester history and South Downs hikes in Hampshire. Visit Falmouth and youll experience a traditional Cornish seaside town embracing its creative side. A pageant of history has sailed through its deep-water harbour  some of it illicit, with ties to piracy in the 18th century. Locals remain tethered to the tides, with a family-run fishery supplying restaurants, and paddleboarders gliding down the estuary. But what really sets Falmouth apart is its brush with creativity, buoyed by the students enrolled at its two universities  one among the UKs best for the arts. Indie theatre, music, comedy and art exhibitions fill small venues listings, while the annual and free sea shanty and oyster festivals are firm fixtures on locals calendars. A UK break in Falmouth Cornish maritime history on the South West Coast Path. Many bypass Arnside and Silverdale, touching Morecambe Bay to the west and the Lake District to the north, on their journey along the M6 motorway. Detour to this AONB  one of the smallest in the UK  and youre in for a surprise. The region spans just 29sq miles, but its diversity belies its humble size, with woodland, limestone hills and a coastal area all linked by a network of paths. Trails start right from Arnside station, which has direct rail connections to Lancaster and Manchester and e-bikes available for rental at Ease E Ride. A UK break to Arnside and Silverdale, the little-known region of natural wonders. Monmouthshire is a stunner this county in southeast Wales packs a punch with moody mountains, market towns, meandering rivers and Michelin-starred restaurants. It encompasses some of Britains best scenery, spanning the dramatic Black Mountains in the north to the Eden-esque Wye Valley, an AONB that sprawls over the border into England, making it an excellent getaway for lovers of the outdoors. The countys length is stitched with walking trails  including the Wye Valley Greenway, which opened in 2021  that take in pastoral fields, plump forested hills, scores of sleepy castles and the majestic monastic ruins of Tintern Abbey on the River Wyes banks. Laid-back towns peppered across Monmouthshire include floral Usk, mediaeval Monmouth and the creative and culinary hub of Abergavenny. The latter is lined with indie shops selling art supplies, wild blooms, fermented sourdough loaves, Welsh-made childrens clothing and small-batch coffee. Its also home to a clutch of celebrated restaurants that plate up knee-slappingly good grub  the town also hosts the renowned Abergavenny Food Festival each September. A UK break in Monmouthshire Tintern Abbey, Michelin-starred food and hiking. Sandwiched between the great cities of Manchester and Liverpool to the south, and the beauty spots of the Lake District and the Yorkshire Dales to the north, the Forest of Bowland is every bit as enchanting as its more famous neighbours. This is a land with a deep history peopled by Vikings, witches and kings where the patchwork fields, coaching inns and pretty villages evoke a sense of time out of mind. A designated AONB, its gorgeous landscapes are more diverse than its name suggests, with the woodlands of the Lune Valley ascending to the wild moorlands of the Bowland Fells. The new Eco Escapes initiative connects them with local food producers, pubs and BBs by public transport, meaning its never been easier to explore the region in an eco-minded way. What to do in the Forest of Bowland, Lancashire. Whitley Bay was once best known for its caravan parks and fairground attractions, but things have changed over the past decade. Major refurbishments have blown the dust off this arty corner of Tyne and Wear, helping to place the old seaside favourite firmly back on the map. The mile-long sandy beach, which has been Blue Flag-certified every year since 1994, is a big draw. Brave locals swim and paddleboard year-round, and surfers are well served by North Atlantic swells. A UK break in Whitley Bay Northeast seafood, beach strolls and the Spanish City. Copyright  1996-2015 National Geographic SocietyCopyright  2015-2025 National Geographic Partners, LLC. All rights reserved

Each area of Copenhagen offers its own distinct charm, from the historic canals of Christianshavn to the effortlessly cool streets of Nørrebro. Copenhagen may be a compact city  you can cycle from one side to the other in about 15 minutes  but its built upon a vibrant patchwork of distinct, characterful neighbourhoods. Depending on where you stay, you may find yourself surrounded by innovative new builds, trendy brewpubs or contemporary art spaces, each one offering a different way of experiencing the city. Here, we take a look at some of the citys most intriguing neighbourhoods  from Christianshavns historic, colourful streets to the inventive modern architecture of Nordhavn. Take some time to explore and decide which is the one for you. For independent shops and cafesKnown for being the citys former red-light district, Vesterbro has cleaned up its act and is now full of independent shops, vintage boutiques and casual restaurants. Characterful highlights here include Folkehuset Absalon  a culture house hosting silent discos, communal dinners and art sessions  and Værnedamsvej, a French-inspired shopping street lined with cafes, such as the rustic Rist Kaffebar, and shops, including the eclectic homeware store Dora. Located just a short stroll from the central station, youll also find plenty of boutique hotels and the popular amusement park, Tivoli Gardens. Dont miss The Meatpacking District, with its abundance of restaurants and bars, including Johns Hot Dog Deli and Paté Paté, a Danish restaurant in an old pâté factory. For diverse nightlifeNørrebro is renowned for being one of the citys hippest spots. Its diverse neighbourhood is brought together by Superkilen Park, a public space featuring a collection of global items  from an outdoor Thai boxing ring to exercise gear from Santa Monica. In Nørrebro, you can eat shawarma while watching skateboarders glide around the parks Red Square, wander Assistens Churchyard, where Hans Christian Andersen was laid to rest or join the locals in a jog around the Copenhagen Lakes. After dark, Nørrebro has a reputation for its lively nightlife, with plenty of places to visit. Try glasses of natural wine  one of Copenhagens signature drinks  at neighbourhood bar Pompette, or head to trendy brewpub Brus for local beers. Dont miss Baka dbusk, a bohemian vegetarian restaurant found on a residential street in Nørrebro. A firm favourite among locals, its so good, even meat-eaters love it. For creative modern architectureOne of Copenhagens newest quarters, Nordhavn North Harbour is full of creative new-builds and reworked harbour buildings. Its home to the new headquarters of Bjarke Ingels Group, a leading architecture and design firm, alongside the award-winning UN City building and Konditaget Lüders, a distinct, scarlet-coloured activity park located on a car park roof. Spot houseboats fitted with swimming pools and saunas floating at the entrance to Copenhagen Harbour. Here, youll also find the Tip of Nordø, a circular lighthouse-like building with a winter garden inside. Gallery-style interiors showroom Audo is another must-see, with its stylish cafe, restaurant, shop and exclusive residence. Dont miss New this winter, Nordhavns culture house Nordhus brings together people aged 18 to 25 with a vibrant hub of communal dining experiences, bingo and music events. For contemporary artIts out on the citys northern fringes that some of the edgiest things happen. Once an industrial site, Refshaleøen has been redeveloped into an innovative playground thats home to spaces like Copenhagen Contemporary, an international art gallery that shows immersive art such as the James Turrell installation. Elsewhere, hit the slopes at the citys futuristic mountain sports centre, Copenhill, where visitors can enjoy outdoor adventure activities in the heart of the city. Follow up with a sauna session at Nordic spa CopenHot before tucking into fresh doughnuts from bakery Lille. For one of the best views of the city, gaze at the Marble Church across the water, its facade framed by the royal palaces of Amalienborg Square. Dont miss Open on weekends in Refshaleøen, the BW Market is a treasure trove of vintage furniture and knick-knacks, appealing to those with an eye for Danish design. For historic harbourside walksChristianshavn is one of the most charming parts of Copenhagen, where colourful, half-timbered houses line the neighbourhoods narrow canals, making for a scenic walk. While here, book in for a sauna and scrub at local spa Sofiebadet, one of the citys original 20th-century wash houses. Further down the street, shop past Ganni collections at its off-season shop, Ganni Postmodern, before paying a visit to Broens Street Food at the Greenlandic Trade Square, where youll find food stalls from renowned local restaurants and chefs, along with cocktails, beer and wine. In the winter, the square is transformed into a large temporary ice skating rink. Best of all, climb the 400 steps to the top of the Church of Our Saviour for a 360-degree birds-eye view of the city. Dont miss Hunker down at cosy cafe Sandø and try one of the delicious homemade cakes or pastries, inspired by the ingredients of the season. Copyright  1996-2015 National Geographic SocietyCopyright  2015-2025 National Geographic Partners, LLC. All rights reserved

From a new purpose-driven safari in South Africa to a carbon-positive hotel in the United States, heres how to turn your next stay into a force for good. Travel trends come and go, but when it comes to sustainability, these hotels are all in. By choosing accommodation providers with strong sustainability practices, such as those supporting local conservation efforts or engaging in community initiatives, travelers can ensure their stays align with their personal values while positively impacting the environment and the communities they visit, says Sally Davey, CEO of sustainable travel organization Travalyst. Davey, who also works in collaboration with the World Travel  Tourism Council WTTC, says travelers should be cautious of vague claims like sustainable or eco-friendly without clear evidence to back them up. Meaningful sustainability efforts go beyond small gestures and should be backed by real, measurable actions and credible data, says Davey. While the effort to develop greater transparency around sustainability in tourism is ongoing, travelers should continue doing their research to make sure the hotels sustainability claims are legitimate. Best for families wanting an active eco-safari adventure Conservation-focused safari lodges are common across South Africa however, Few  Far Luvhondos new purpose-driven eco-lodge opened in January 2025 is already standing out as one of the most sustainable safaris on the planet. The brainchild of husband-and-wife team Sarah and Jacob Dusek, the lodge has six cliffside suites nestled among 386 square miles 100,000 hectares of South Africas UNESCOs Vhembe Biosphere Reserve. It is also powered by renewable energy. Hands-on initiatives like the Conservationist for the Day program allow guests of all ages to participate in a vet visit or join the carbon sequestration team to plant trees while learning about the regions delicate ecosystem. You can also participate in a solar-powered game-viewing experience across the Soutpansberg mountain range, with a chance to sleep out under the stars. Few  Far Luvhondo is dedicated to regenerating the mountainside while creating an ecosystem that supports the local biodiversity. To help achieve that goal, the resort is also in collaboration with Terraset, an organization dedicated to reducing atmospheric greenhouse gases, and Verra Registereds carbon project. Best for groups looking for a relaxed beach retreat Once a sleepy surf town on the Pacific side of Costa Ricas Nicoya Peninsula, Nosara is as renowned for its epic surf break at Playa Guiones as it is for being one of the worlds Blue Zones. Opened in 2024, Silvestre Nosara is one of the sleekest places to stay. Ideal for families and groups of friends, the beachside boutique has nine residential-style accommodations and community spaces just steps from the water. Nestled between the jungle and the beach, Silvestre partners with local nonprofit organizations like Costas Verdes to support coastal ecosystem restoration through reforestation projects. Sign up for surf lessons and be on the lookout for the monkey bridge, which was built to connect a wildlife refuge that abuts the property and allows monkeys to travel freely in their natural habitat. Best for those seeking the ultimate gorilla-trekking adventure Ringed by lush rainforest in Rwandas Volcanoes National Park, Wilderness Bisate Reserve, opened in 2024, is rooted in conservation and reforestation. This luxury eco-lodges commitment to habitat preservation is at the heart of every stay. Taking its name from a place meant to be cherished and savored, the propertys ambitious rehabilitation plan has overseen the planting of more than 100,000 trees. Its goal is to protect the natural habitat that sustains the endangered mountain gorillas that have made the park famous. Related Learn how national parks are going greenand how travelers can help. The eco-lodge is a pioneer in eco-tourism and conservation-driven safaris, and has just four guest villas. Each villa offers panoramic views over all six of the parks dormant volcanoes, and the design blends a mix of thatched roofs and hand-chipped volcanic rock, along with exposed brick and locally made basketry. Here, you can embark on a transformative gorilla trek directly from the camp, explore the scenic nature trails, and engage with local communities. Best for a sustainable city break Located in the heart of downtown Denver, Populus opened its eye-popping, ultra-climate conscious doors in October 2024, and has boldly laid its claim as the first carbon-positive hotel in the US. Simply put, the hotel is aiming to reduce more carbon than it creates. It aims to do this through both on-site and off-site sustainability initiatives and partnerships with organizations like Grassroots Carbon, One Tree Planted, and Terrapass. With 265 guest rooms spread across 13 floors, you can find plenty of water stations and upcycled materials, as well as two zero-waste, nature-inspired restaurant concepts. The hotels One Night, One Tree program, in partnership with the National Forest Foundation, plants a tree in Colorado for every night stayed. See 6 eco-conscious alpine resorts around the world. Best for a luxury island adventure Once a 19th-century sheep farm turned pioneering environmental restoration project, Rumi on Louth opened off South Australias Eyre Peninsula in 2024. Owner and operator Che Metcalfe acquired the island in 2022 with the vision of restoring its natural ecosystem. That vision has been realized in the form of a luxurious 50 million private island eco-haven, complete with solar power, comprehensive recycling, and composting systems. Currently in its second phase of opening, this gorgeous private island eco-retreat offers four suites and one apartment, with plans to expand and include an additional 26 villas, day spa, and two fine dining restaurants in the near future. Guests can enjoy immersive island experiences like a wildlife photography tour coming soon, birdwatching, catamaran sailing, kayaking, stargazing, beach picnics, and e-biking and buggy tours around the island. The hotels Samphire Restaurant showcases modern Australian fare and a paddock-to-plate philosophy, which is a farm-to-table belief that local, sustainable ingredients are imperative. Best for a relaxing, eco-friendly escape Designed around a natural saltwater lagoon, Six Senses La Sagesse opened on the Caribbean island of Grenada in April 2024. Spread across 38 rolling acres overlooking the Caribbean Sea, from thatched-roof beachfront suites to 15 spacious villas, everything has been designed with natural, renewable, and repurposed materials. Determined to help connect guests with the islands rich cultural heritage, the propertys sustainability director Krisma McDonald is available to organize everything from beach clean-ups to a behind-the-scenes farming experience, where guests can meet Theresa Marryshow, the head of Grenrop, Grenadas local womens farming organization. At the spa, treatments infuse age-old traditions and indigenous plants and herbs with high-touch, high-tech therapies that focus on sleep, movement, and longevity. The hotels eco-hike to Seven Sisters Waterfalls and Reggae Fields Journey to a local cocoa farm are two hyperlocal ways to immerse yourself in Grenadas culture, as well. Best for a mindful stay without the crowds Set on the northwest coast of Crete, Télla Théra is set to open in summer 2025, with 20 subterranean villas and suites. The resort was designed to foster a sense of mindfulness and a deep connection to nature. So deep, in fact, that every room is tucked within the Earths surface. By placing the rooms underground, energy requirements are kept low, while simultaneously creating a calming and quiet sense of grounding. Natural, sustainable materials, like wood, stone, and earth, are omnipresent here, and the top of every accommodation features a private outdoor rooftop terrace, replete with olive trees and native plants. These terraces create a microclimate that will keep things cool during the summer. In addition to a wellness spa, private olive grove, and uninterrupted views over the Bay of Kissamos and the Aegean Sea, the hotels zero-waste, plant-forward kitchen plans to serve seasonally sourced cuisine that, in true Greek fashion, will offer family-style platters made to share with the people you love. From conservation to community, heres how luxury safaris can make a difference. Copyright  1996-2015 National Geographic SocietyCopyright  2015-2025 National Geographic Partners, LLC. All rights reserved

All products and listings featured on Condé Nast Traveler are independently selected by our editors. If you purchase something through our links, we may earn an affiliate commission. For 31 years the editors of Condé Nast Traveler have been compiling this annual compendium of hotels and cruises weve discovered, or fallen in love with all over again. We highlight them not only for their beauty, comfort, or impeccable service, but also because weve developed deeply emotional relationships with them These are the hotels and cruises we recommend to our friends, that we tell stories about later. Below are the best hotels and resorts in the US, Canada, and the Caribbean, according to our editors. See the full 2025 Gold List here. This gallery has been updated with new information since its original publish date. When the Ritz-Carlton flung open the doors of its new Manhattan flagship at West 28th Street and Broadway two years ago, the classic brand was making a bit of a daring declaration as to its direction. Moody and modish, the property is a far cry from the splendidly prim and proper Central Park location some 30 blocks north. Theres glass everywhere, for one thing, with the 50-story sleek slice of skyscraper designed in part to make the most of that killer locations downtown views and light. The sun-soaked interiors are dramatic and texturedconcierge desks in the grayscale lobby are made of almost zebra-print granite. A leafy, book-lined bar just off it leads to the excellent Spanish-Japanese fusion restaurant The Bazaar from José Andrés upstairs with its plush upholstery, coffee-and-plum palette, and scenery-chewing jamón Ibéerico centerpiece Andréss group also designed the complimentary menu in the very worth-it club level. Rooftop bar Nubeluz is a jewel-toned wonderland of wallpaper highlights include the pleated emerald fabric of the elevator vestibule and the feathered Schumacher number that hugs each booth. Wrapped from floor to ceiling in blond wood, my suite on the 36th floor, with its deep, deep sofa of chocolatey crushed velvet, offers grand views of Manhattan I could even see all the way down to the World Trade Center. All of this style would matter little, however, were the service anything less than superlative. It absolutely is. Despite bookings being full to the brim most nights, theres no indication that the staff have eyes for anybody but you from check-in to checkout. From 895. Charlie Hobbs To the naked eye, the five beautifully restored 1804 residences and carriage homes at the corner of George Street and East Bay constitute just another pretty block in Charleston warm brick, statuesque façades, breezy column-studded verandas, and flickering lanterns. But veteran hospitality duo Dean Porter Andrews and Lynn Easton knew better when they selected this spot to launch their bespoke brand of Lowcountry luxury in 2013. The hotels magic lies in the exclusivity and privacy of its interior a hidden labyrinth of meticulously manicured gardens, crushed oystershell pathways, and calming fountains connecting five distinct historic dwellings into a retreat guests love to call their home in the Holy City. From 349. Allston McCrady Stepping inside the Colony Hotel is like entering a scene from a storybook or a Wes Anderson film, a whimsical balance of the vintage and in vogue. Within its pink stucco walls, reality transforms into the glamorous yet laid-back Palm Beach of days gone by. Since Andrew and Sarah Wetenhall purchased the hotel in 2016, the guest rooms and villas have undergone a multiyear restoration, reviving the landmark institution while still maintaining its iconic tropical eclecticism. Located right between the beach and the shops of Worth Avenue, its the perfect home base for exploring the islandif you can ever pull yourself away from its fanciful charms. From 499. Hannah Towey It might seem like a miss to go to Santa Barbara and not stay close to the shore, but the moment you make the turn inland onto San Ysidro Road, you realize that being here isnt about visiting Santa Barbara its about visiting the ranch. Just 38 cottages, each with their own unique layout, decor, and view, are spread out over 550 acres, but rather than being scattered, they form a ring within the property. At the resorts center is a collection of gardens as well as a rectangular- pool that overlooks the canyon. Some of the curated finds youll see throughout are museum-quality art, antiques sourced from billionaire owner Ty Warners world travels, and handmade wallpapers even on the ceilings of the showers. But San Ysidro Ranch isnt your typical hotelas its history of having legendary guests like Jacqueline and John F. Kennedy, who honeymooned here, or John Huston, who finished writing the screenplay for The African Queen on the property, can attest. And the ranch continues its legacy as a celebrity refuge, as modern-day A-listers use this tucked-away spot to truly hide out and escapewhich is what you should do too. From 2,495. Samantha Brooks The stories are all truethe ones youve heard about the fleecy Italian truffle dogs, the perfect timber-frame barn imported from Pennsylvania, the well-groomed hiking trails and bridle paths that give you access to the quiet forests of the Great Smoky Mountains. The place is a bit of paradise in eastern Tennessee, full of little details that feel plucked from a storybook the dollhouse-like white church, the covered bridge, the generous cottages with porches ideal for putting your feet up while drinking a whiskey and snacking on pimento cheese. But what really takes Blackberry to the next level is the Southern hospitality. From the servers to the adventure guides, everyone brings their passion to work every day, and by the time you leave, youll find youre feeling pretty passionate too. From 1,145. Jesse Ashlock For anyone who has bemoaned the flattening of cultures everywhere, Fogo Island offers a beacon of hope. On this remote island off the coast of Newfoundland and Labrador thats slammed by wind and waves, cod-fishing communities hold on to their distinctive settler historyand accentsdespite mounting pressures. But a dwindling community, no matter how beautiful or historic, offers little financial value. Armed with this belief, local-born entrepreneur Zita Cobb dreamed up Fogo Island Inn as a community-owned hospitality business that could improve the islands economic resilience by plugging it into a wider world. Since it flung open its doors in 2013, those utopian founding principles have lured purpose-driven luxury travelers to the 29-room innas have its dramatic views, daily changing menus, and wilderness excursions featuring geological hikes and forest boil-ups a traditional meal warmed over a fire in the great outdoors. But its greatest distinction remains the islanders themselves, whose wellsprings of warmth define your stay. These boat builders, quilters, and storytellers welcome you into their sheds for singalongs and salted cod, allowing you to really understand this placeand how everything knits together. From 2,100. Arati Menon There are few resorts as suited to different types of travelers as this celebrated hotel on the Kona coast of the Big Island. Composed of low-slung Hawaiian-style buildings set into a series of crescents, each area has its own vibe and distinct clientele, from lively family-friendly sections to serene pockets ideal for honeymooners. Regardless of where you stay, however, youll be treated to postcard-perfect views of the Pacific Ocean, the propertys verdant golf course, and the sense that this place somehow exists in a permanent state of tranquility. New for this yearand not to missis chef Tyler Florences Miller  Lux steakhouse. From 1,200. Juliet Izon As a longtime Upper West Sider, Ive strolled through Central Park dozens of times that didnt make the sweeping views from the Premier Central Park View Suite any less awe-inspiring. The accommodations were just as spectacular, with a massive U-shaped couch, a fluffy king-size bed, and heavy blackout shades that close at the touch of a button. Because of its top-tier service, sumptuous amenities, and fantastic central location, the Mandarin Oriental is both an excellent special-occasion staycation for New Yorkers and a prime landing spot for out-of-towners seeking easy access to Broadway, Central and Bryant Parks, and Fifth Avenue. Guests have easy access to two Michelin-starred restaurants, Per Se and Masa a flex even by New York standards. From 800. Madison Flager The Post Ranch Inn is nothing so much as a total immersion in the singular landscape of Big Sur, in environs defined by a sense of understated luxury. The Ranchs 40 rooms have all been designed to both blend in with and have a light touch upon the land, and range from treehouses to clifftop suites with expansive views of the mountains to the east or, better yet, the oceans expanse to the west. Engage with the environment some more by exploring the propertys hiking trails, taking a tour of the chefs garden, or signing up for a falconry lesson. From 1,875. Lauren Sloss Grand, but not fussy. Of another era, but far from old-fashioned. The Woodstock Inn  Resort is the Goldilocks property thats managed to evolve with the times while maintaining its quintessential New England charm. Situated across from the town green, the Federal-style mansion feels like a Norman Rockwell reverie. Inside, the cozy lobby serves as a communal living room where guests read newspapers. Outside, families toast smores around fire pits and play lawn games. Regular updates to the 200-plus-year-old hotel, including a glow-up of all 142 rooms and the addition of a Scandi-chic spa, ensure that loyal East Coasters keep returning for generations. From 299. Jen Murphy When my mother and I first moved from the Philippines to the United States in 2003, we came to settle in Las Vegas. Among the entertainment capitals flashy and over-the-top hotel offerings, my motherand her preference for refined elegancemost often led us to the Wynn, which opened in 2005 as, in my childhood memory, the first nonthemed resort on the iconic Strip, where facsimiles of Venice, Paris, and Caesars Rome dominated the landscape. At the roughly 4,700-key property which includes the original building and its sibling, the Encore, added in 2008, the theme, if I must name one, seemed to be luxury itself. To return to it now, as it gears up for its 20th anniversary in 2025, feels like a homecoming Its casinos, high-end shops, and myriad dining and drinking outlets 29 of them, not including the three nightclubs are better than ever, entertaining guests whod rather indulge in high thread counts than daysor nightsof Sin City debauchery. As such, the rooms have gotten a significant upgrade in the last few years. My Tower Suite on the 40-something-th floor was tastefully designed, recently renovated in 2022, dressed in warm neutral tones, and equipped with easy-to-use tech like window shades that can open at a specified time and bring in the desert sun as I rose in the morning. The drapery, the bed, the small section of carpet in the bathroomthey all offer the body a rest after a day of taking in the sensory explosion that is the city far below. This place is in a league of its own, unbothered by the gimmicks and stunts of its peers. It is not without its light shows this is still Vegas, after all, but sheer quality was, is, and always will be the Wynns calling card. From 426. Matt Ortile Luxury can mean different things to different people. For me its about privacy, freedom, and an exquisite sense of space, combined with subtle hospitality that makes you feel effortlessly at home. Jade Mountain embodies this and more. Perched high on St. Lucias rugged cliffs, this architectural marvel, crafted from local stone and rough concrete, rises organically from the lush forest. Designed by Canadian architect Nick Troubetzkoy, Jade Mountain frames the breathtaking views of the Pitons from each of its 24 open-air residences known as sanctuaries. The pinnacle of luxury, Galaxy Sanctuary JE1, features uninterrupted 270-degree views and a 900-square-foot infinity pool with jewel-toned tiles. Here serenity reigns supreme. From 1,530. Karin Mueller Images of the Rockhouses thatch-roof stone villas and bright red ladders dropping into the sea have come to represent a certain brand of Jamaican cool. The property, currently celebrating its 50th anniversary, isnt shy about honoring its place in pop culture history Bob Marley and the Rolling Stones once jumped off its iconic cliffs, and reggae and dancehall ephemera line the walls. Rooms are simple but still retain an essence of the sleepy 1970s Negril that originally defined the property Four-poster beds are draped with mosquito nets and decorated with locally sourced quilts in the villa rooms, palm-fringed outdoor showers mean morning routines are accompanied by birdsong and the cool, simple stone floors keep you feeling in tune with island life. Meanwhile, food here is a primer in Jamaican classics, especially at jerk spot Pushcart, where DJs take over the sound systems for regular dance parties. The Rockhouse crowd knows how to have a good time. From 175. Lale Arikoglu There are Caribbean beach resorts, and then there is Little Dix Bay, which was completely rebuilt after being decimated by hurricanes in 2017, and this year, celebrating its 60th anniversary feels more significant than ever. Its undoubtedly got the bells and whistlesa truly transcendent spa, one of the best rum collections in the Caribbean, enviable rooms, and so forthbut what sets Little Dix Bay apart is its staff, some of whom have worked here for over 30 years. Its the kind of place where guests at checkout will turn to their butler and ask, Same time next year? From 1,095. Todd Plummer Recommended As the most discerning, up-to-the-minute voice in all things travel, Condé Nast Traveler is the global citizens bible and muse, offering both inspiration and vital intel. We understand that time is the greatest luxury, which is why Condé Nast Traveler mines its network of experts and influencers so that you never waste a meal, a drink, or a hotel stay wherever you are in the world. More from Condé Nast Traveler Contact  2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Condé Nast Traveler may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices

Find us on Facebook to share your thoughts, listen to our podcast, join us on a meetup, sign up for our newsletter, or keep scrolling to read some of our favorite features. Our editors and contributors share their favorite new titles. Professional astrologer Steph Koyfman reads your monthly horoscopeand spells out how it may shape your travels. We peek into the airport routines and bizarre quirks of the worlds most well-traveled people. Everything you need to hit the road. Will be used in accordance with our Privacy Policy. As the most discerning, up-to-the-minute voice in all things travel, Condé Nast Traveler is the global citizens bible and muse, offering both inspiration and vital intel. We understand that time is the greatest luxury, which is why Condé Nast Traveler mines its network of experts and influencers so that you never waste a meal, a drink, or a hotel stay wherever you are in the world. More from Condé Nast Traveler Contact  2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Condé Nast Traveler may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices

AfricaChevron BotswanaChevron The snacks started before dawn A pair of cookies tucked onto a tray of coffee delivered to my tent. Eyes barely open, I picked one up and inspected itshortbread, the really good kind that leaves a faint trace of butter on your fingertips. Better not, I thought, before taking a bite and returning the half-eaten cookie to its tray. Theres no shortage of food on safari. There would, after all, be snacks on the morning game drive. And then back at camp there would be a hearty breakfast, followed by more snacks in my tent, and then lunch, followed by scones with clotted cream at high tea, then an afternoon game drive with, of course, sundowner gin and tonics paired with shreds of biltong and heaps of spiced nuts before, naturally, dinner. Morning coffee and cookies is delivered to the rooms at Jacks Camp for morning game drives. Ive spent enough time on safari to know that the bush routine involves a lot of sitting and eating and eating and sitting, but the 530 a.m. shortbread took me by surprise. Well, maybe surprise isnt the right wordat a five-star establishment like Natural Selections Jacks Camp, I would expect no detail to go unnoticed, so of course a coffee wake-up call would include a little something to nibble on. What set this safari apart, however, was that it was my first long-haul trip since embarking on a serious body composition journeymy nutrition coach doesnt like the term weight lossand after four months of revolutionizing the ways I eat and work out, I am, for the first time in my adult life, finding real success at achieving my fitness goals. Things are fitting better, energy is at an all-time high, the muscles are muscling and, if I can stay the course, there mightmightbe abs in the near future. This was also the first trip where my anxiety was so bad that I had a hard time getting on the plane. Ive never been immune to pre-trip jitters. What if I leave a faucet running before I leave the house? How quickly could I fly home in case of a family emergency? But the build-up to Botswana was like nothing I had ever experienced. I woke up intermittently in the middle of the nights leading up to my departure, I went stricter on my diet and worked out harder, and found myself unable to get any meaningful work done. Safari is one of my favorite things to do in the whole world, but my anxiety about leaving behind my newfound routine was diminishing what should have been genuine excitement. Consistency is key, my coach would say to me throughout our program. Over the last four months, my days at home revolved around a series of checklists. Chug twelve ounces of water upon waking? Check. Workouts five times per week with plenty of sleep for recovery? Like clockwork. The right balance of macronutrients throughout the day? Measured to the gram. And having achieved so much success with my routine, it was difficult to relinquish control. Elephants and zebra drink at the Makgadikgadi Pans National Park in Botswana Relinquishing at least some control, however, is what we often need to do. Thats what psychiatrist and executive coach Dr. David Brendel shared when I asked for his expert opinion. Hes noticed an uptick in clients experiencing pre-trip jitters, especially those who established very stable home routines over the recent pandemic years. The secret, he said, was to not try to to interpret pre-trip anxiety by ruminating on how anxious you feel, but instead try to understand it. Anxiety can be a useful prompt to think and plan, said Dr. Brendel. Start with, How can I make use of anxiety, and what can I learn from it, without necessarily pathologizing it. People often short-circuit that step and almost get anxious about anxiety. But I like to start by framing anxiety as messages to ones self that are opportunities for better planning. Advanced planning could involve scoping out restaurant menus ahead of time. It could mean packing your own snacks to keep on track with your macronutrient targets. Or it could also mean accepting that a single week away from your routine, after months of being on it, isnt going to reverse your progress. In my case, carrying a suitcase full of protein bars that would only melt in the Okavango heat wouldnt have been a practicable solution. You need to be realistic, because it isnt possible to completely recreate a home routine when traveling, said Dr. Brendel. I usually suggest that people pick one thing to start a routine on the road, and from there they can build and add something else. For many, if not most people, usually the suggestion is to start with a sleep routine. Long-haul travelespecially trips that cross time-zones and hemispheres like, say, America to Botswanacan easily lead to not only falling behind on your nutrition routine or skipping workouts, but to dysregulated circadian rhythms and disrupted sleep cycles. Studies show that when people sleep well, they are much better able to manage other parts of their life. The solution, Dr. Brendel shared, is to take things one step at a timeand learn to control the things that we can control given our circumstances. So while I certainly felt anxious about deviating from my nutrition plan while in Botswana, I decided to control that which I was able to slipping away from dinners early to make sure I got a solid eight hours of sleep staying extra hydrated sneaking in even a short workout whenever I could and maybe skipping those pre-dawn cookies. Was I able to 100 recreate my home routine on the road? Not even close. But by integrating the smallest pieces of it, I felt like I had control over my own anxiety. By having even those snippets of routine sprinkled throughout my day, I felt more present and focused on our game drives, and like I had really arrived in Botswana without being too worried about missing life back home. My biggest souvenir from the tripin addition to countless wildlife shotswas learning to leave wiggle room for the realities of life, while controlling the things that I was realistically able to control. Its the best that any of us can do. Recommended As the most discerning, up-to-the-minute voice in all things travel, Condé Nast Traveler is the global citizens bible and muse, offering both inspiration and vital intel. We understand that time is the greatest luxury, which is why Condé Nast Traveler mines its network of experts and influencers so that you never waste a meal, a drink, or a hotel stay wherever you are in the world. More from Condé Nast Traveler Contact  2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Condé Nast Traveler may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices

North AmericaChevron United StatesChevron TexasChevron AustinChevron Whether youre looking for dozens of on-tap local craft beers, meticulously refined cocktails, an herby mocktail, or hundreds of hand-selected premium wines, the best bars in Austin never skimp on curation, technique, or ingredients. And then theres the setting Maybe you want a tried-and-true honky tonk stomping ground to line dance at pet-friendly patio for a sunset and frozen drinks a house-party space that feel more like close friends overflowing into front lawns or even a hidden speakeasy or secret bar. Theres a place for every personality to feel welcome here while savoring immaculate libationsthese are the best bars in the Lone Star States capital. Read on for our complete Austin travel guide, which includes Every bar on this list has been selected independently by Condé Nast Traveler editors and reviewed by a local contributor who has visited that restaurant. Our editors consider both high-end and affordable eateries, and weigh stand-out dishes, location, and serviceas well as inclusivity and sustainability credentials. We update this list as new bars open and existing ones evolve. This gallery has been updated with new information since its original publish date. This whiskey bar feels like a cross between a throwback cocktail lounge and a hunting lodge. Exposed brick walls with taxidermy, moody lighting, pool tables, tufted leather seating, and the occasional live jazz or blues strike a balance between laid-back and upbeat. Rye, bourbon, scotchthis is their place. With more than 400 bottles lining the illuminated bar, you wont run out of options. Create your own old fashioned, try the Tennessee Whiskey Flight, or dip into a timeless cocktail like the Vieux Carre rye, cognac, vermouth, Benedictine, and bitters or sip on the Fair City Irish whiskey, Montenegro, grenadine, lime, and bitters. Appreciate whiskey? Appreciate whiskey culture? Do you love the idea of yourself feeling swanky in a dimly-lit room, glass of 12-year Suntory Yamazaki in one hand and pool cue in the other? Then this is the spot for you. This is perhaps the coolest honky tonk in Austin. The simple space puts newcomers at ease, while regulars take to the dance floor when live music is playing every night on the very small stage. A photo booth, pool tables, and a small yard with seating allow for breathers between sets. The energy at this dive never seems to wane. And the dynamic crowd is one of the best surprises herea multigenerational mix of hipsters, ranchers, rockabillies, and bikers convene nightly. A full bar with whiskey on tap ensures everyone in the house is having a good time. Drinks are about as cheap as they get. This is old faithful for a rowdy no-holds-barred night out on the town, dancing and drinking until the early morning hours. Ideal for birthdays, and every end of the bachelorbachelorette spectrum. Watertrade is about as intimate as it gets. Its small, dark, and the few lights shine off the floor-to-ceiling wood to create a glow around the bar. If youre looking for an off-the-beaten path, exceptional omakase-style cocktail experience, this is where you come. Theres a long list of Japanese whisky and sake. Plus, designed cocktails crafted from seasonal ingredients recent ones include Whats Good roku gin, shiso, yuzu, and Flower Boy chamomile, aguardiente de caña, egg white. But the omakase-style custom drink experience from the bar team is the real reason to head to Watertrade. Their experimentation, sophistication, and out-of-the-box ideas take shape in unique, timely cocktails. Youll find those whove researched Watertrade, or are in the mood for some refined, carefully crafted cocktails. Here, theyre usually looking for the experienced bartenders to whip up drinks based on their whims and likes. Walk-ins from the neighborhood and those looking for a pre- or post-dinner drink from one of the surrounding restaurants can be a mixed bag between dressed up wedges and summer dresses on dates to comfy wide-leg jeans and ribbed tanks with their dogs or kids in-tow. Theyre looking to hang out on the front or back patios while exclaiming over sharply-tailored cocktails. Youre usually walking here for the customizable martini service with optional caviar spoonfuls, shifting selections of premium bottles like Dom Pérignon, well-blended frozen Aperol spritz, or fancy full caviar service. You may grab a glass of wine or nonalcoholic cocktail like the Trick of the Trade pineapple liqueur, lime, chai tea, but its the attention to detail and chic services you return for. Its your celebratory but grown up drinks out with caviar, Champagne, and martinis, or a night out with an old friend where you want to have deep conversations without an overbearing party crowd. One of Austins smallest and most elusive bars is also one of its best. The aptly named Garage its literally wedged inside a parking garage on Colorado Street, is much more intimate on the inside than its industrial surroundings suggest. The cocktails are thoughtful, elegant, herbaceous, and well-balanced. On a recent visit, the Caterwauler, made with tequila blanco, madeira, lemon, five-spice agave, bitters, and coconut soda, and the Bermuda Triangle, a blend of rum, sherry, lime, black pepper tincture, and coconut lime foam, starred on the menu. Light bar bites make up the menu, and pair nicely with the cocktails. Theyve served up everything from pimiento deviled eggs to ribs on a bed of cabbage and blue crab toastall were wins. The quality of Garages staff matches that of its cocktails. Theyre also always open-ears to chatty patrons. This laid-back neighborhood bar in East Austin serves well-mixed cocktails and cold beers to a cast of regulars, plus the occasional visitor. The vibe is decidedly divey moody lighting and retro signage included, with a craft cocktail menu to counter it. Patrons love Nickel City for its approachable dive bar setting without the subpar dive bar drinks. Nickel City espresso martinis and Aperol Spritzes are on draft, and theres a 200 whiskey menu including smooth bourbons, ryes, Irish, Scotch, and Japanese selections. The mixed cocktail list is divided into well-known, lesser-known, and unknown cocktailsplus, sections devoted to beer-and-a-shot combos boilermakers and tropical specialty cocktails like the Baller Daq rum, lime, and of course, glitter. Take our word for it and order the frozen Irish coffee. This is a great spot to come for a down-home experience in Austin. The no frills environment makes it casual, friendly, and a good place to meet new peoplewith reliably good cocktails as fuel. Escape to an unmatched private basement experience where tranquility sneaks into bustling South Congress. Equipment Rooms hand-selected 1,200 blues, jazz, and soul vinyls tell the origin story of Austin and Texas sound while dabbling in 1950s Japanese Jazz Kissa culture. In a fastidiously-constructed former bottom-level storage room revamped into a 70s-80s vibe spot, the soundproof entrance, illuminated by a jewel-toned stained glass window, accompanied by a matte black ceiling lined with recording studio-quality acoustic foam sets the tone for visiting audiophiles drooling over custom vintage hi-fi equipment. Snug groups of vintage-colored cushy love seats sink underneath glowing jellyfish-like lights, and a gaze around illuminates concert posters from the owners private collections like BB King, Bo Diddley, and Bobby Blue Bland. The backlit bars wood builtins hold liquor and more records with a multicolored disco ball shining above the turntables. This brothel-turned-speakeasy is now one of Austins hippest and most exclusive bars. But dont even think about just dropping inthe intimate bar is reservations-only, so book ahead. Trust us, its well worth it the tufted-leather booth, original ceiling, and expertly crafted Prohibition Era cocktails are deserving of the effort. House cocktails are beautifully garnished and are elegant continuations of the spirit-forward modern cocktail movement. Read theyre potent. On one night, you might encounter the Tea of Zatoichi Japanese whiskey, mint, rose green tea, and lychee or the Venusian Blood bacon-fat-washed mezcal, beet juice, and lime on another, you might be in for The Dandy tequila blanco, Cappelletti, absinthe, raspberry, lemon, and Prosecco. The bartenders here play the speakeasy part welltheyre into their craft, know their 1920s liquors, and exude a slight bootlegger persona. Moontower Saloon is like walking into your friends house party that spilled onto the front lawn. Indoors and outdoors bleed together, and your bar mates feel like your neighbors. Inside of the reformed ranch house, there are numerous Texas beers on tap. Outside, a scene of picnic tables, oak trees, food trucks, and musicians is illuminated by colorful lights. Volleyball tournaments, cornhole, football watch parties, and fundraising events happen frequently here. This is the place to cool down with one of the beers on tapmany of them are Texan including Blue Owl, Pinthouse, Austin Beer Works, and 512 Brewing Company. They also have a whiskey menu and monthly cocktail specials. Its a neighborhood spot that speaks to Austins love of live music, local beer and food, dogs, and outdoor activities. Its for everyone, including visitors, to soak in good drinks, good bites, and good vibes. It really feels homey here. The Craftsman-era building has a front porch with landscaping, a living-room style interior, and a backyard with a banister and seating, making it the perfect place to chill with a cocktail and new friends. The cocktails here are simple, which fits perfectly with the laid-back atmosphere. Not over-complicated or showy, most are made with five ingredients or fewer. Concoctions have included the Easy Street vodka, cucumber, lemon, wild elderflower, seltzer, and the Spicy Flamingo mezcal, Dolin Blanc, watermelon, lime, honey, cayenne. The bartenders treat the bar as if they live heretheyve become known for their true southern hospitality. Youll find regulars hanging out back in the shade provided by the trees, or on the front porch acting as if it were their own. Depending on the day, live country music or events like hot dog eating contests may draw a party crowd. Dont let the nondescript entrance fool you This intimate gastropub shows off modern industrial-chic charm in Austins North Loop. Murals are splashed on brick walls and seating is available on tufted chairs at the bar if youre feeling social. There are tables if youre looking for a more intimate imbibing experience. Drink Wells mixology-driven menu highlights some of Austins best seasonal beverage ingredients, with their own twist. Spring and summer cocktails are light and crisp, like the Paperback Romance gin, Pisco La Caravedo, grapefruit, lemon, bergamot rosolio, peach bitters, while cold-weather cocktails are warming and comforting a la the Get Rich Quick Scheme Garam Masala-infused bourbon, sherry, amaretto, Cajun pecan orgeat, egg. The bartenders are polite and enthusiastic about their ingredients and craft, just be sure you have the patience for craft cocktails made from scratch. Its light cotton graphic tees, loose jeans, and lived-in vans along the three dog-friendly patios where imbibers are serious about cocktails in this not-too-serious atmosphere. From veterans at Olamaie, Kinda Tropical, and LOca dOro, its the exceptionally briny delight, a Frozen Mexican Martini, that draws you, and herbaceous, fresh-fruit forward cocktails AKA Fancies with local spirits and a focus on gin, agave, and amaro. If you like a fun, fresh ride, snag a Farm to Bar that mixes gin, carrot, lemon, and Absinthe, or the nonalcoholic spicy Daisy Bell combining aloe water with lime, orange, and jalapeño. Daily rotating punch cups also have fascinating takes, as does the cocktail on draft, Wings of a Dove, with tequila, grapefruit soda, lime, and pink peppercorn salt. If youre celebrating, order the customizable 60 giant martini with straws to share with friends. Its likely you planned several weeks ago to come and a reservation just opened, so youre in the mood to lounge among refined cocktails and canapés in your high-fashion best. Hospitality veterans are your ideal guides through particular and distinctive drinks. Mathew Peters Per Se, French Laundry, and Adour and Terance Robson Here Nor There, Trailer Happiness design decisive fresh produce-influenced, luxe crafted cocktails like new take, Iberico fat-washed gin, melon, sloe, champagne cordial, pear, and yuzu in the Melon and Prosciutto as well as classics like the Champagne Margarita with tequila, champagne cordial, housemade orange liqueur, lime, and Italicus Bergamatto, plus mostly French glasses of superior wines. Its the thoughtfulness of balancing freshness with a touch of mystery and housemade ingredients and no detail left behind that marks the creativity here. East Sixth is the coolest place to be in Austin, and Whislers is the coolest place on East 6th. Arriving, it has the vibe of a crumbling medieval manor, populated by 21st century hipsters. Think rugs, portraits and chandeliers and portraits meet cowboy hats, tattoos and facial hair. Expertly crafted cocktailsparticularly in the dedicated Mezcal bar upstairs Mezcaleria Tobala. They do the basics very well an outstanding Old Fashioned, for example, and a great hot toddy during the winter months, with some interesting additions that will pique the curiosity and tickle the taste buds of more experienced cocktail drinkers. The Autumn Glory is a particular treat rum, brandy, cinnamon, vanilla, pineapple, cider. Whislers is absolutely definitely worth a visit while in Austineither as part of a bar crawl or simply as a spot to hole up in, for an awesome night enjoying delicious drinks. This speakeasy-style saloon is discreetly tucked under Buenos Aires Cafe. In true fashion, you must make a reservationand get the passwordprior to arriving. Once youve been granted entry through the back door, youll arrive in an Art Deco room with turquoise walls, vintage velvet couches, and walls full of funky artwork. The cocktail menu celebrates Argentine fernet and amaro, with a special collection of rare antique spirits hand-selected by the owners. Unique cocktails, like The Niche bourbon, amaro, vermouth, mole bitters, smoked cinnamon, orange zest, transport you to the Southern Hemisphere. It wouldnt be a true Argentinian bar without some empanadas, though the menu has also included remolachas beets with mint, feta and a chèvre fondue and chicken pâté. Bigger appetite? Start with dinner upstairs at Buenos Aires Cafe, then head down to Milonga Room for drinks after. The intimate setting makes it a great place for a special date or surprising visitorsand anyone with an affinity for Argentine culture. This has become one of Austins chicest craft cocktail destinations. The industrial-swank downstairs area is always buzzing, and an upstairs lounge has a pool table and balcony views to the downstairs area. A Jazz  Soul quartet plays live music every Thursday. Serious cocktail connoisseurs will want to consider the seated cocktail experience guided by the bar staff. If that seems too formal, order one of the house creation cocktails, like the Back to The Future Rye, sherry, strawberry-basil-balsamic purée, Amaro, ginger syrup, lemon, barrel-smoked black pepper, or the Butterbean Santa Teresa 1796 rum, Plantation pineapple rum, Cruzan Blackstrap rum, RR Allspice Dram, espresso liqueur, cinnamon syrup, butter powder, acid phosphate, salt tincture, grated Tonka bean. The hors doeuvre-style menu is straight forward, but ideal for snacking with a date or friends think marinated olives, cheese and charcuterie boards, and spiced nuts. Have a sweet tooth? The strawberry-mezcal cheesecake is not to be missed. Tucked behind the fold of a secret bookshelf door in Austins oldest fire station built in 1885, Firehouse Lounge harkens history with turn-of-the-century Singer sewing machines holding up tables, an old oxygen tank tucked in the spirits shelf, and rich red damask wallpaper glowing against tiny candles. Black leather benches and slim lacquered wood stools surround the multicolored wood bar for a mix of 1920s speakeasy district meets underground dive bar. As you grab drinks, you hear jazz or blues, or is that a DJ, or maybe rock from their live music stage.Since its hiding in a hostel, youll find all kinds of atrons, from 20-something travelers and locals all the way to music-loving elders, depending on whos playing live that night and which old-timey drinks theyre imbibing in. Recommended As the most discerning, up-to-the-minute voice in all things travel, Condé Nast Traveler is the global citizens bible and muse, offering both inspiration and vital intel. We understand that time is the greatest luxury, which is why Condé Nast Traveler mines its network of experts and influencers so that you never waste a meal, a drink, or a hotel stay wherever you are in the world. More from Condé Nast Traveler Contact  2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Condé Nast Traveler may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices

North AmericaChevron MexicoChevron All products and listings featured on Condé Nast Traveler are independently selected by our editors. If you purchase something through our links, we may earn an affiliate commission. Consider the Gold List the answer to the question our editors get asked more than any other What are your favorite places to stay? Our 31st list of the worlds greatest hotels and cruises captures nearly a years worth of work. This collection represents hundreds of hours of researching, scouting, and impassioned debating by our team of editors in seven cities across the globe. But more than that, it reflects our ongoing love affair with the places where we stay, which often become our gateways to entire destinations. Read on for the best hotels in Mexico and Central and South America to inspire your next trip. See the full Gold List here. This gallery has been updated with new information since its original publish date. Tinged red at dawn, the granite towers of Torres del Paine are a blazing centerpiece in Chiles premier national park. But no view compares with the scene greeting guests from their bed at this exquisitely crafted lodge. Barely visible along the skyline, the lakeside building sinks comfortably into the landscape, giving all rooms a vista onto the soaring peaks. Light pours through walls of glass to illuminate a panoramic restaurant and spa with an indoor infinity pool, perfect spots to watch clouds dance across big skies. Far from the crowd-clogged trails, the coolly unassuming property invites endless possibilities at the bottom of the world. From 2,094. Sarah Marshall Upon my landing at Hacienda AltaGracias airstrip, my compa, or personal butler, is waiting with a sea-bean necklace and a refreshing drinkthe first hint at the exceptional attention I would receive throughout. The 180-acre jungle resort has 50 casitas featuring a safari-meets-boho design accented by locally made pottery and patterned textiles. Outside is where the real beauty is, though stunning jungle views, a private plunge pool, and a swinging daybed. Strolling the property, I spot colorful birds, frogs, and, one night, an armadillo. I sign up for a tree climb, which brings me to the top of the rainforest canopy for endless views. But mainly I just want to sip coffee at the excellent Mercado café and spend time at the excellent 20,000-square-foot spa. From 1,980. Devorah Lev-Tov More than 35 years ago, when conservationist and entrepreneur Roberto Klabin transformed part of his familys farm into a high-end lodge, the Pantanal was widely dismissed for being full of fliesbut thats no longer the case. Things are changing in the worlds largest tropical wetland. By habituating jaguars to the sound of vehicle engines, NGO Onçafari has increased sightings of the threatened predators on the property. Go on a game drive, shadow conservation teams, and horse-ride through gallery forests in the largely fence-free grounds, while experiencing life on a working cattle ranch. South Americas answer to the Okavango Delta without any of the hype or the crowds. From 1,419. Sarah Marshall Turtle Inn, much like Blancaneaux Lodge, its older sibling in the Belizean jungle, bears the cinematic imprint of owner Francis Ford Coppola. From the tropical exuberance of its entryway and its thatch-roof cottages with hand-carved doors and Japanese baths to the garden pizzeria with its twinkling lights, this is one part Gilligans Island, one part barefoot-chic Bali beach club. You wouldnt be blamed for not wanting to leave this idyllic refuge, but Turtle Inns location makes it the perfect jumping off point for riverine adventures and treks into jaguar territory. Youll always be glad to return, though to its pools, the beachside bar, and lobster feasts best enjoyed with toes in the sand. But perhaps there is no luxury greater than the warmhearted service extended by staff who treat you just as they would the Coppolaslike returning family. From 419. Arati Menon Because its located in the jungle between the colonial city of Mérida and the Maya site of Uxmal, Chablé Yucatán has two distinct personalities, making it unique among luxury resorts in Mexico. The buildings that form the historic two-centuries-old hacienda now house common areas and the gourmet Ixiim restaurant, and guests sleep in 38 contemporary glass boxes masterfully situated throughout the lush grounds so that each feels remarkably privateyour views are of the jungle foliage, not your neighbor. Each casita has its own pool, but theres also a larger common one for when youre feeling social. The resort is home to countless iguanas and diminutive Yucatecan deer, and an astounding variety of birdlife. Youll feel like you have escaped to a unique Eden, only with gracious service. From 1,019. John Newton This glass-walled building is a bubble of understated luxury in Ecuadors Chocó-Andean Cloud Forest, the densest spot of biodiversity on Earth. Your own personal guide will take you on hikes through the forest to find butterflies the size of your hand and hummingbirds that will feed from your fingers. In your downtime you can wallow in hot tubs that look over the valley or listen to the sounds of the forest from your room, which has floor-to-ceiling windows that make you feel as if youre in a tree house. Mashpi leads the world in inspirational conservation, leaving you full of passion and wonder. From 1,595. Ash Bhardwaj Just when you think all beach resorts are made alike, OneOnly Mandarina begs to differ. Nestled in the lush hills of Mexicos Riviera Nayaritwhere jaguars skulk in the shadows, colorful birds fly overhead, and the gentle sound of the Pacific urges bone-deep relaxationOne  Only makes it easy to find the big red reset button youve been looking for. Theres a traditional temazcal sweat lodge experience at the spa, surfing on a private beach, and even a restaurant that has an Enrique Olveradesigned menu that would draw major crowds in a big city Carao. Ultimately, though, its forgetting about the outside world that is the drawand promiseof spending a few days here. From 1,290. Megan Spurrell Images of the Rockhouses thatch-roof stone villas and bright red ladders dropping into the sea have come to represent a certain brand of Jamaican cool. The property, currently celebrating its 50th anniversary, isnt shy about honoring its place in pop culture history Bob Marley and the Rolling Stones once jumped off its iconic cliffs, and reggae and dancehall ephemera line the walls. Rooms are simple but still retain an essence of the sleepy 1970s Negril that originally defined the property Four-poster beds are draped with mosquito nets and decorated with locally sourced quilts in the villa rooms, palm-fringed outdoor showers mean morning routines are accompanied by birdsong and the cool, simple stone floors keep you feeling in tune with island life. Meanwhile, food here is a primer in Jamaican classics, especially at jerk spot Pushcart, where DJs take over the sound systems for regular dance parties. The Rockhouse crowd knows how to have a good time. From 175. Lale Arikoglu As the most discerning, up-to-the-minute voice in all things travel, Condé Nast Traveler is the global citizens bible and muse, offering both inspiration and vital intel. We understand that time is the greatest luxury, which is why Condé Nast Traveler mines its network of experts and influencers so that you never waste a meal, a drink, or a hotel stay wherever you are in the world. More from Condé Nast Traveler Contact  2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Condé Nast Traveler may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices

